```
status: Draft
submit: 13 Feb 2025
dialog: pending post
```


Polike your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant an
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market the 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market t
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that
s a simple hop-skip-jump 
Uoave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a
n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market 
uPerhaps the bumping point here in reachign that goal of a "
n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that'
Q_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a 
3. Horizon Routingif we can get these tokens onbaord,
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a mark
 I psot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market tha
### 3. Horizon Routingif we can get these tokens onbaord,
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a ma
V_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market
X?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that'
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a m
T/ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a mar
like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant a
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) marktext/0.17.1 Chrome/94.0.4606.81 Electron/15.4.0 Safari/537.36
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deep
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/fonts/open-sans-v27-latin-ext_latin-regular.3d8deabf.woffectron/15.4.0 Safari/537.36
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/fonts/open-sans-v27-latin-ext_latin-300italic.da614a72.woff
1data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAwAAAAMCAIAAADZF8uwAAAAGUlEQVQYV2M4gwH+YwCGIasIUwhT25BVBADtzYNYrHvv4gAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==afari/537.36
pData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=07.36
data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAwAAAAMCAIAAADZF8uwAAAAGUlEQVQYV2M4gwH+YwCGIasIUwhT25BVBADtzYNYrHvv4gAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==afari/537.36
rsMozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) marktext/0.17.1 Chrome/94.0.4606.81 Electron/15.4.0 Safari/537.36
rsMozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) marktext/0.17.1 Chrome/94.0.4606.81 Electron/15.4.0 Safari/537.36
>file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/fonts/open-sans-v27-latin-ext_latin-italic.a49b04c0.wofflectron/15.4.0 Safari/537.36
-file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/fonts/open-sans-v27-latin-ext_latin-600italic.be52d897.woff
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/fonts/open-sans-v27-latin-ext_latin-700italic.c414c188.woff
ppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0.36
$?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we sho	E
rZ9position: absolute; flex: 0 0 auto; overflow: hidden; z-index: -1; visibility: hidden; width: 100%; height: 100%; left: 0px; top: 0px;x;
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should sup
 Safari/537.36
n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support thix<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we sh`	E
_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should <

/position: absolute; flex: 0 0 auto; overflow: hidden; z-index: -1; visibility: hidden; inset: -17px -12px -16px -13px;`A
visibility: hidden; display: inline; width: 0px; height: 0px; z-index: -1; overflow: hidden; margin: 0px; padding: 0px;
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we s
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we<
_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should su
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply tha
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support th
rqa.ag-inline-rule,
      code.ag-inline-rule,
      strong.ag-inline-rule,
      em.ag-inline-rule,
      del.ag-inline-rule
?n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that
ly, I do not think the netowrk or DEX comes anywhere close to the level of centralization present in those other cases. 
ique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP system. Our humanitarian, utilitarian, and chartiablex<
_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we shouldx<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeplx<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply t
Since most liqudiity exists on native tools, it makes sense to use core resources to support this development of a general public good. x<
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should supp
_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that w#
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support 
 Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: 
ron/15.4.0 Safari/537.36is
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we shoul
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should suppo
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply th"
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should s
T 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) marktext/0.17.1 Chrome/94.0.4606.81 Electron/15.4.0 Safari/537.36
ique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP system. Our humanitarian, utilitarian, and chartiable <
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support t
_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeK
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support thi
K I psot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should suppor
routing is quandarous, especially given the centrality of their instance for a lot of new apps. I appreciate that the SDF truncated x<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply<
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we shouE

file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/renderer.jsP
ces/app.asar/dist/electron/fonts/octicons.62bac4fc.woff2
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/36488.jsA
%Qfile:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/90319.js
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/73358.js
DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operat
erd_scroll_detection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly f
DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus<
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
_n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to a
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's trx<
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's 
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's trul
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
Thankfully, over these last years, we've seen the near failure and coplete wor
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatux<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly fre
etection_container erd_scroll_detection_container_animation_active
_DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus o


DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus 
X Nposition: absolute; left: 0px; top: 0px; width: 395px; height: 370px;
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's t
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free t
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly freex<
n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all partc
Y{&position: absolute; left: 0px; top: 0px; width: 535px; height: 233px;
0RThat last sentence is exactly what the alternative exchanges of yesteryear (@
DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatix<
ique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP s
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly fr
?DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operat
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's tru<
_n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all particip
?n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to x<
ique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the non
ique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonp
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to 
_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can tru
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believ
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we c
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I beli
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe ween
d< indepnednetly and extensiovely developed such a streamlined service capable of covering these amaterial expense.s I've been blkown awa y by your committment to free communal services, as you showcased quite well with the free refractor signer service the other week. Really appreciate all the good yays you bring to the network despite no formal SCF grants.
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can tr
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I bel
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we ca
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we ca
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we ca 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe w
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we 
all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can trul
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can t
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I belie
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can trul
:body,html{margin:0;padding:0}#loading-page{position:absolute;background:0 0;-webkit-app-region:drag;left:0;right:0;top:0;bottom:0}.spinner{width:40px;height:40px;position:absolute;top:50%;left:50%;transform:translateX(-50%) translateY(-50%)}.double-bounce1,.double-bounce2{width:100%;height:100%;border-radius:50%;opacity:.4;position:absolute;top:0;left:0;-webkit-animation:sk-bounce 2s infinite ease-in-out;animation:sk-bounce 2s infinite ease-in-out}.double-bounce2{-webkit-animation-delay:-1s;animation-delay:-1s}@-webkit-keyframes sk-bounce{0%,100%{-webkit-transform:scale(0)}50%{-webkit-transform:scale(1)}}@keyframes sk-bounce{0%,100%{transform:scale(0);-webkit-transform:scale(0)}50%{transform:scale(1);-webkit-transform:scale(1)}}
)M591.97 137.46c-71.4 11.91-142.91 5.5-211.75-3.38s-137.52-20.22-209.07-18c-46 1.44-97.17 10.48-129 38.22-30.62 26.69-35 63.18-34.71 96.18.22 24.82 2.55 50.53 19.36 70.49 11.67 13.85 29.51 23.91 43 36.72 47 44.58 33.67 113.64 3.91 172.12-14 27.44-31.11 54.37-40.5 82.5s-10.32 58.43 7.36 81.72c17.54 23.09 51.09 36.39 86 43.52 70.89 14.47 149.57 7 225.67-3.39 168.44-23.11 335-60.49 501.08-97.8 61.47-13.8 123.21-27.68 182.35-48 32.84-11.26 66.25-25.43 87.28-47.84 26.69-28.45 26.93-67.72.56-91.54-44.24-40-143.21-32.48-177.6-78-18.94-25-11.23-58.62 3.24-88.17 31-63.4 91.75-125.65 83-189.36-6-43.76-48.38-80.4-104.68-90.53-59-10.61-134.41 7.11-167.78 50.62-34.36 44.92-104.68 73.42-167.72 83.92Z
hM469.333333 256c58.88 0 112.213333 23.893333 150.826667 62.506667l-108.16 108.16 256 0 0-256-87.466667 87.466667c-53.973333-53.973333-128.64-87.466667-211.2-87.466667-150.4 0-274.56 111.36-295.253333 256l86.186667 0c19.84-97.28 105.813333-170.666667 209.066667-170.666667zM709.973333 645.76c28.373333-38.613333 47.573333-84.266667 54.613333-133.76l-86.186667 0c-19.84 97.28-105.813333 170.666667-209.066667 170.666667-58.88 0-112.213333-23.893333-150.826667-62.506667l108.16-108.16-256 0 0 256 87.466667-87.466667c53.973333 53.973333 128.64 87.466667 211.2 87.466667 66.133333 0 127.146667-21.76 176.64-58.24l207.36 207.146667 63.573333-63.573333-206.933333-207.573333z
N?M222.090191 544.207539l579.803245 0 0 64.420195 64.424288 0L866.317725 479.779158 544.212656 479.779158l0-64.412009-64.425312 0 0 64.412009L157.678182 479.779158l0 128.848577 64.412009 0L222.090191 544.207539 222.090191 544.207539zM93.253894 866.321818l193.260585 0L286.514479 673.056116 93.253894 673.056116 93.253894 866.321818 93.253894 866.321818zM415.359986 866.321818l193.268772 0L608.628758 673.056116 415.359986 673.056116 415.359986 866.321818 415.359986 866.321818zM737.473241 673.056116l0 193.265702 193.272865 0L930.746106 673.056116 737.473241 673.056116 737.473241 673.056116zM608.628758 157.678182 415.359986 157.678182l0 193.260585 193.268772 0L608.628758 157.678182 608.628758 157.678182zM608.628758 157.678182
M1073.714286 544q0 17.714286-17.714286 37.714286l-192 226.285714q-24.571429 29.142857-68.857143 49.428571T713.142857 877.714286H91.428571q-19.428571 0-34.571428-7.428572T41.714286 845.714286q0-17.714286 17.714285-37.714286l192-226.285714q24.571429-29.142857 68.857143-49.428572T402.285714 512h621.714286q19.428571 0 34.571429 7.428571t15.142857 24.571429z m-196-196.571429v91.428572H402.285714q-53.714286 0-112.571428 27.142857T196 534.285714L3.428571 760.571429l-2.857142 3.428571q0-2.285714-0.285715-7.142857T0 749.714286V201.142857q0-52.571429 37.714286-90.285714t90.285714-37.714286h182.857143q52.571429 0 90.285714 37.714286t37.714286 90.285714v18.285714h310.857143q52.571429 0 90.285714 37.714286t37.714286 90.285714z
nM925.490754 722.015318l-13.124168 13.138481h-13.13848L853.243424 689.197741v-13.13848l13.13848-13.124168h13.124169l45.941745 45.941745zM886.161185 761.402136l-124.715379 124.701067s-6.56924 6.56924-13.124169 6.569241l-59.080226 6.56924c-6.56924 0-6.56924 0-6.56924-6.56924l6.56924-59.080226c0-6.56924 0-6.56924 6.569241-13.124169l124.715379-124.715379h13.124169l45.956057 45.941745c13.124168 13.124168 13.124168 13.124168 6.569241 19.693409z m-78.716386-177.226366c-111.634148 0-203.474702 91.883491-203.474702 203.474702S695.810652 991.125175 807.344615 991.125175 1010.819317 899.227372 1010.819317 787.650472s-91.883491-203.474702-203.474702-203.474702z m0 0
M1014.75 820.46s-7.78 5.1-11.67 4.35a14 14 0 0 0-7.87 1.3 23.36 23.36 0 0 1-9.81 6.39c-6.3 2.13-15.09 1.29-20.09-.37-2.36-.79-2.55-1.81-1.41-3.06s4.16-3.09 7.52-5.09c6.39-3.8 13.24-11.29 13.24-11.29a4 4 0 0 1 1.2-2.69 13.8 13.8 0 0 0 1.87-2c1-1.17 1.93-2.4 1.93-2.4l22.91.86s.39 1.65.7 3.34a12.08 12.08 0 0 1 .32 3.33 3 3 0 0 0 .65 2.31l.41 3.78ZM1062.57 826.88c-.27 1.11-.61 3.09-.76 4 0 .31-.07.51-.07.51s-1.85 4.07-12.13 5.55-10.27-3.42-10.27-3.42l.1-1.33c.18-2.16.55-6.31.82-7.19.37-1.2-.27-6.48-.27-6.48l-.11-5.52-.08-3.83 17-1.76a32.8 32.8 0 0 0 .55 3.79 4.87 4.87 0 0 0 .75 2c.92 1 1.48 5.55 1.48 5.55s3.39 6.65 2.99 8.13Z
M1039.42 479.84c.4.67.51 1.54 1 2.1.88.91 2.31.44 3.53.46 2.84.05 4.92 3.06 5.6 6s.47 6.12 1.18 9.08a5 5 0 0 1 2.45-4.74 4.35 4.35 0 0 1 5 .69c1.06 1 1.79 2.65 3.19 2.94s2.74-1.05 3.24-2.52a38.58 38.58 0 0 0 .8-4.61c.63-2.88 2.52-5.25 3.56-8a14.51 14.51 0 0 0-.09-10.34c-.7-1.74-1.73-3.3-2.43-5-1.07-2.63-1.35-5.61-2.65-8.12a9.6 9.6 0 0 0-11.53-4.74c-2 .76-3.76 2.22-5.8 2.88-2.74.88-5.66.22-8.49-.18s-6-.43-8.24 1.43c-2.62 2.15-3.34 6.18-5.8 8.53-1 1-2.32 1.62-3.41 2.53a4.7 4.7 0 0 0-1.91 3.76c.17 1.92 2 3.66 1.35 5.44a4.22 4.22 0 0 1-1 1.35 19.38 19.38 0 0 0-4.48 7.63c5 1.54 10.32-3.92 14.19-6.5 2.54-1.69 8.71-3.35 10.74-.07Z
M187.32 513.51a3.93 3.93 0 0 1-1.53 2.42 3.77 3.77 0 0 1-1.74.31c-5.59.14-11.41.16-16.48-2.19a6.22 6.22 0 0 1-2.45-1.76c-.88-1.16-1-2.69-1.31-4.11-.62-2.76-2.07-5.25-3.08-7.9a26 26 0 0 1-1.27-14 9.37 9.37 0 0 1 1.55-4c1.56-2.05 4.29-2.8 6.31-4.41s3.38-4.13 5.72-5.31c2.1-1.06 4.61-.83 6.92-.34a36.32 36.32 0 0 1 12.7 5.33c1.29.87 2.71 1.86 4.25 1.63a5.92 5.92 0 0 0 3.26-2.3 17 17 0 0 1 1.06 8 3.45 3.45 0 0 0 0 1.2 3.65 3.65 0 0 0 .8 1.31c1.31 1.65 2.08 4.21.66 5.77-.62.68-1.55 1-2.15 1.73-1.08 1.24-.81 3.1-.85 4.75a2.5 2.5 0 0 1-.46 1.61 2.39 2.39 0 0 1-2.28.45 6.22 6.22 0 0 0-2.4-.32 4 4 0 0 0-2.15 1.52c-2.71 3.14-3.83 6.71-5.08 10.61Z
M586.55 111.4c-64.72-2.24-126.36-23.14-185.22-46S284.17 17.22 221 5.11c-40.63-7.79-87.1-8.9-119.83 12.86-31.51 21-41.69 57.15-47.16 90.72-4.12 25.26-6.54 51.85 4.74 75.5 7.84 16.42 21.74 30.22 31.36 45.95 33.47 54.72 9.81 122.2-26.45 175.63-17 25.06-36.75 49-49.88 75.65s-19.2 57.29-7.71 84.55c11.38 27 38.51 47.24 67.9 61.49 59.69 28.95 130 37.23 198.61 41.93 151.83 10.38 304.46 5.89 456.69 1.38 56.34-1.66 112.92-3.35 168.34-12.06 30.78-4.84 62.55-12.52 84.9-31.06 28.36-23.53 35.39-63.37 16.38-92.87-31.88-49.5-120-61.79-142.31-114.9-12.26-29.24.33-61.8 18.16-88.91 38.24-58.17 102.33-109.2 105.7-175.68 2.32-45.66-28.49-91.39-76.13-113-49.93-22.65-119.18-19.8-156 17.69-37.95 38.56-104.61 53.41-161.76 51.42Z
OM89.774 268.39s-8.18-1.989-10.832 2.875-2.653 6.631-5.306 8.4-18.126 9.726-19.01 12.821S34.73 393.29 34.73 393.29s-9.284 29.18-4.863 49.075 1.326 23.875 10.61 25.643 10.611 1.769 10.611-.884 11.938-92.403 20.338-98.592 6.19-73.834 6.19-73.834 11.937-14.59 11.937-16.8 1.99-9.672.22-9.506ZM114.753 284.528c1.234.206 18.127-21.664 19.454-20.78s7.958 12.38 8.842 12.38 38.464 9.284 41.56 26.527-21.665 72.065-21.665 72.065-10.61 31.39-8.4 45.096a92.332 92.332 0 0 1-.884 31.39c-.884 3.538-3.98 7.517-3.095 9.285s-19.453-2.21-27.853 2.653-45.98 8.4-43.77 3.095 3.537-26.085 9.726-48.191 22.106-74.276 19.454-77.813 3.979-56.15 6.631-55.707Z
M720.613 51.338v-2H208.369V0h-2v49.338h-66.756v2h66.756V98h-66.756v2h66.756v46.662h-66.756v2h66.756v46.661h-66.756v2h66.756v46.661h-66.756v2h66.756v46.662h-66.756v2h66.756v46.661h-66.756v2h66.756v46.662h-66.756v2h66.756v46.661h-66.756v2h66.756v46.661h-66.756v2h66.756v46.662h-66.756v2h66.756v46.661h-66.756v2h66.756v46.661h-66.756v2h66.756V676h2v-40.725h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.661h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.661h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.662h512.244v-2H208.369V440.63h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.661h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.662h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.661h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.662h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.661h512.244v-2H208.369v-46.661h512.244v-2H208.369V100h512.244v-2H208.369V51.338h512.244z
[^SCF]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) cases. I'm all for the proeper stewardship opf donor funding, but I do not thik this level of direct control best serves the innovrots receiving tech or creative working 
pan>If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... The Internet and Open Source efforts have taught us that open systems are nearly always preferable to closed. In that spirit, and under the premise that markets are a public good, market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up... Access to the historical data of direct market data feeds should be made available freely to the public, and a prize-based incentive created for those who can find innovative ways of designing surveillance systems and algorithms."</span>
an>If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... The Internet and Open Source efforts have taught us that open systems are nearly always preferable to closed. In that spirit, and under the premise that markets are a public good, market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up... Access to the historical data of direct market data feeds should be made available freely to the public, and a prize-based incentive created for those who can find innovative ways of designing surveillance systems and algorithms."</span>
Yes, agree, 100% liquidity is getting more and more fragmented. It's just the nature of permissionless systems that let anyone build anything. As I posited in the larger post right at the start, I'm not in any way saying we can control what people dpeloy on the network. But I do think we have a unique ability to incentivize only systems which collectively benefit all users.
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core 
The changes in CAP38 to work with trustline authoprizations were critically important for regulated assets. One reason the Soroabn pools are so risky for these applications stems from the lack of support for de-authorizations. I really wish 38 brought with it your pathfinding implementations. It just statrted with a single step of making things work on the compliance side. Now I see it as our responsability to continue developing 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core i
LIf the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive andl
However, this is very explicitly not the case with SOroban. Every exchange thereon costs quite materially more than its classic operation counterpart, in ever sense of the term cost. These txns as you know simply cannot scale onchain to the promising paralell throughput of SPEEDEX. Moreover,  the DEX has practically zero fees. TO paraphrase a commentor from Global, it's "
pM680.021333 790.016l89.984 0-217.984-555.989333-80 0-217.984 555.989333 89.984 0 48-128 240 0zM854.016 86.016q34.005333 0 59.008 25.002667t25.002667 59.008l0 683.989333q0 34.005333-25.002667 59.008t-59.008 25.002667l-683.989333 0q-34.005333 0-59.008-25.002667t-25.002667-59.008l0-683.989333q0-34.005333 25.002667-59.008t59.008-25.002667l683.989333 0zM424.021333 576l88.021333-235.989333 88.021333 235.989333-176 0z
'DUU5DUU5D=
ADUUUCUU5D
M85.333333 682.666667 85.333333 341.333333 170.666667 341.333333 298.666667 469.333333 426.666667 341.333333 512 341.333333 512 682.666667 426.666667 682.666667 426.666667 462.08 298.666667 590.08 170.666667 462.08 170.666667 682.666667 85.333333 682.666667M682.666667 341.333333 810.666667 341.333333 810.666667 512 917.333333 512 746.666667 704 576 512 682.666667 512 682.666667 341.333333Z
%M300.032 104.448c-147.968 76.8-249.344 230.912-249.344 409.088 0 414.208 504.832 614.4 790.016 318.976C1205.248 454.144 751.616-128 300.032 104.448z m520.704 318.464l-322.56 322.56a55.936 55.936 0 0 1-79.36 0l-175.104-175.104c-10.752-10.752-16.384-25.6-16.384-39.936s5.632-28.672 16.384-39.936a55.936 55.936 0 0 1 79.36 0l135.168 135.168 282.624-282.624a55.936 55.936 0 0 1 79.36 0c22.528 22.016 22.528 57.856 0.512 79.872z
'DUU5DUU5D=
ADUUUCUU5D
Before diving into the substantive points, I want to again preface by a great fundamental support of all your wookr including this. I greatly appreciated both the sentiments in CAP37 and the surrounding publications advocating interleving. Yes, yes, yes 100% there is nobody else I know of with such stature who'se continually pounded the drum on getting users best execution.
wdata:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACgAAAAoCAYAAACM/rhtAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAONJREFUWAntljEOgkAQRXc4hxfyIlZ29hb2dlZexAt5DteVOAl88gOB3UXip4Elw8znbcIjBB0iIALbJmAs/vF03gd73WOMO1aT876ZPUNsDrfr5dHt23QXveuK4T5zWxBpZi9DWvCAWLnSmgdMuFvslYL5FlcapzEiIAIisBkC1MX+Buhk/6CiM3PX+XxuEq8AJzNn4o/F4rrv/PGAHnSl83hAcLJv8SBv7rrBAN0QAREQgf8kQF2Mbi2NxwWAjucmAQeXDsjczQOWTjSxPw8Ibp3Yb3aZb/HsBnpQBETgRwm8AeMyfRZbHsrFAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC
data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACgAAAAoCAYAAACM/rhtAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAANtJREFUWAntlTEOwjAMReOegwtxESY2dgZ2NiYuwoU4R0Nb1VLkj8WQKCbS75R+J/HPi5SfEj8SIIGxCYi1f75cj0nm56bn6fS4317lHK3nnA+lXjsWkXf60m+CjRdza/PNgBotJ+31Umox9vqhwRbdGu6BBhfMK25FDr32OuiVgtuvcl8uJwESIIHRCYRlsT7MNustUEySTlnsZe9vg3ZG8D8S7JTFesXB52d7EiABEvh7AmFZ7JHRB1wzGpOkUxZ7Bm1Go0FvZZCOBjtlsXdevWKvTp0ESGA0Ah+DRYoW4AJEJAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==
Yes, agree, 100% liquidity is getting more and more fragmented. It's just the nature of permissionless systems that let anyone build anything. As I posited in the larger post right at the start, I'm not in any way saying we can control what people dpeloy on the network. But I do think we have a unique ability to incentivize only systems which collectively benefit all users.u
r devised.rce of trading.
M928 128H96c-53.02 0-96 42.98-96 96v576c0 53.02 42.98 96 96 96h832c53.02 0 96-42.98 96-96V224c0-53.02-42.98-96-96-96zm-12 672H108a12 12 0 0 1-12-12V236a12 12 0 0 1 12-12h808a12 12 0 0 1 12 12v552a12 12 0 0 1-12 12zM256 304c-44.182 0-80 35.818-80 80s35.818 80 80 80 80-35.818 80-80-35.818-80-80-80zm-64 400h640V544L656.97 368.97c-9.372-9.372-24.568-9.372-33.942 0L384 608l-79.03-79.03c-9.372-9.372-24.568-9.372-33.942 0L192 608v96z
ZQM999.68 880.213 750.507 631.04c41.813-64 66.133-140.8 66.133-222.72C816.64 183.04 634.027 0 408.32 0 183.04 0 0 183.04 0 408.32c0 225.707 183.04 408.32 408.32 408.32 82.773 0 160-24.747 224.427-67.413l248.746 248.746c32.427 32.427 85.334 32.427 117.76 0 32.854-32.426 32.854-85.333.427-117.76zM137.813 408.32c0-150.613 122.027-272.64 272.64-272.64s272.64 122.027 272.64 272.64-122.026 272.64-272.64 272.64-272.64-122.027-272.64-272.64z
N_mM1032.7 508.25s-1.66-.83-3.24 1.58a10.45 10.45 0 0 1-4.53 3.51s-16.85 2.69-17.5 4.91l-7.87.46s-2.78.37-3 6.21-1.76 6.38-1.76 6.38-3.24 5.74-3 8.7a4.87 4.87 0 0 1-2.5 4.45l11.57 30.08s.37 12.41-1.76 16.94S993 616.1 993 616.1s1.67-.37 1.57.74-2 13.24-2 13.24-.56 4.81-1.48 6.48-1 10.36-1 10.36l-1.48 6.3s3.51 7.87 8.88 6.76 15.08-22.13 15.08-22.13l6.2-22.68 4.82-22.4 1.39-15.18 2.22-33.61 3.24-22.21s3.56-11.94 2.26-13.52Z
bM1032.15 507.14s-1.67-.83-3.24 1.58a10.51 10.51 0 0 1-4.54 3.51s-16.85 2.69-17.5 4.91l-7.86.46s-2.78.37-3.06 6.2-1.76 6.39-1.76 6.39-3.24 5.74-3 8.7a4.85 4.85 0 0 1-2.5 4.45l11.61 30.12s.37 12.41-1.76 16.94-6.11 24.63-6.11 24.63 1.67-.37 1.58.74-2 13.23-2 13.23-.55 4.82-1.48 6.48-1 10.37-1 10.37l-1.48 6.3s3.52 7.87 8.89 6.75 15.09-22.12 15.09-22.12l6.2-22.68 4.81-22.4 1.33-15.24 2.22-33.61 3.24-22.21s3.61-11.92 2.32-13.5Z
Fm1056.31 516.4 2.68-12.22s1.21 4 2.41 4.91l4 3s4 1.85 5.37 1.85 8.89 2 9.81 3 4.63.28 4.63.28 3.05 1 5.74 1.67 4 5.09 3.42 6.85a5.35 5.35 0 0 0 1.3 5c1.11 1.11 1.67 4.72 1.67 4.72a5.42 5.42 0 0 1 3.14 2.68c.93 2 .65 6.48.65 6.48l-13.79 19.44s.18 7.5-.37 9.17 1.94 30 1.94 30l2.87 48.69a50.51 50.51 0 0 1-4.63 3.61c-.83.37-1.66-17.22-1.66-17.86s-21.39-32-21.39-32-2.87-4.63-2.87-5.65-2.68-10.37-2.68-10.37l-4.07-18Z
m1098.89 542.04 3.33 2.59s5.56.1 6.11 4.72 5.65 6.76 5.65 6.76 3.79 3.8 3.79 5.56 2.87 4.9 2.87 5.18 2.78 5.92 2.41 6.94 3 5.46 1.94 7.13a42.87 42.87 0 0 0-2.22 4.63s-4.35 8.33-6.57 9.9-12.4 14.82-12.4 14.82-10.93 12.58-10.93 16.47c0 0-10.64-17.77-16.94-17.31l12.31-14.16s2.13-2.32 2.23-3.7 5.92-7.78 8.7-8.06c0 0 .46-3.79-.74-3.89s-2.22-3-2.22-3-8.15-9.63-8.24-15.74 10.92-18.84 10.92-18.84Z
z}M162.02 529.8s44.07 6.7 35.9 3.7c-5.69-2.1-7.84-5.85-8.16-9.93-2.11-2.47-6.47-4.36-9.28-5.39a13.33 13.33 0 0 0-8-.44 11 11 0 0 0-3 1.25 24.2 24.2 0 0 1-7.46 10.81ZM137.77 504.54l8.39 2.29.22-1.26a7.47 7.47 0 0 0-8-3.09ZM274.28 500.13l10 5.39.28-2.18a75.72 75.72 0 0 0-10.1-4.88ZM140.22 640.64c17 3.37 41.3 7.83 45.21 6.8 3.25-.85 13.5-.35 22.41.3.1-4.48.14-7.44.14-7.44l-66.17-9.48a54.61 54.61 0 0 1-1.59 9.82Z
m398.77
/*# sourceURL=webpack://./src/renderer/assets/themes/prismjs/dark.theme.css */
/*# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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 */
1.05 whereby I keep the extra nickel? That's what the thousands of pages of regulation I work with try to stop companies from introducing into the market. And its why the Uniswap Notice hignes so largely on their centralized organizational structure as an exchange.k. Really appreciate all
M512 35.776C249.024 35.776 35.776 249.024 35.776 512S249.024 988.224 512 988.224 988.224 774.976 988.224 512 774.976 35.776 512 35.776zM563.776 748.224l-96 0 0-288 96 0L563.776 748.224zM515.776 388.224c-39.744 0-72-32.256-72-72s32.256-72 72-72S587.776 276.48 587.776 316.224 555.52 388.224 515.776 388.224z
M928.229 752.132c0 61.534-50.527 112.062-112.062 112.062L207.833 864.194c-61.534 0-112.062-50.527-112.062-112.062L95.771 271.868c0-61.534 50.528-112.062 112.062-112.062l160.088 0c61.534 0 112.062 50.528 112.062 112.062l0 16.009 336.185 0c61.534 0 112.062 50.528 112.062 112.062L928.23 752.132z
M698.75712 565.02272l-191.488 225.4848a81.73568 81.73568 0 0 1-62.48448 28.89728 81.89952 81.89952 0 0 1-62.40256-134.94272l146.432-172.4416-146.432-172.4416a81.92 81.92 0 0 1 124.88704-106.06592l191.488 225.4848a81.87904 81.87904 0 0 1 0 106.02496z
M521.694 449.297 111.41 39.014a51.2 51.2 0 1 0-72.43 72.363l410.282 410.317L38.98 932.01a51.2 51.2 0 1 0 72.397 72.396l410.317-410.282 410.317 410.282a51.2 51.2 0 1 0 72.396-72.362L594.125 521.694l410.282-410.283a51.2 51.2 0 1 0-72.396-72.397L521.728 449.297z
But that only applies to marketable orders, and I'm much more concerned with direct exchange quotes from limit orders. That and the consolidation of pool volume into single entitties when all LPs agree ot he same parameters. And ofc that ties into your interleaving points.
m745.57 697.9-.3 2.42-.41 3.42-.18 1.43-.41 3.42-.18 1.43-.42 3.41-4.74 38.9c-.43 3.47-6.1 6.18-13 6.18h-24.62c-6.85 0-12.51-2.71-12.93-6.18l-4.76-38.87-.41-3.41-.18-1.43-.42-3.42-.17-1.43-.42-3.42-.3-2.42c-.23-2 2.84-3.62 6.71-3.62h50.42c3.87-.03 6.94 1.62 6.72 3.59Z
/M1035.94 518.53s4.91 5.83 4.82 7-.28 4.08-.28 4.08l-3.7 7.49s-2 9.35-2 11.3-3.24 18.79-3.24 18.79l-3.97 25.95-4.91 34 5 8.61 5.93-5 7.87-60.54 1.66-11.94s1.76-21.48 1.76-23.7a75.45 75.45 0 0 0-1-8.05s1.21-5.56 6.21-6.85-.38-.28-.38-.28l-2.86-2.31-2.5 1s-6.93-2.14-8.41.45Z
M1035.39 517.97s4.9 5.83 4.81 7-.28 4.07-.28 4.07l-3.7 7.5s-2 9.35-2 11.29-3.24 18.79-3.24 18.79l-3.88 25.92-4.91 34 5 8.61 5.92-5 7.87-60.54 1.67-11.94s1.76-21.48 1.76-23.7a75.73 75.73 0 0 0-1-8.06s1.2-5.55 6.2-6.85-.37-.27-.37-.27l-2.87-2.32-2.5 1s-7-2.09-8.48.5Z
m991.32 542.6-2.59.74-.37 5.27s-3-.46-3.89 3.15a12.71 12.71 0 0 1-2.31 5.28s-5.09 4.26-5.37 7.87l-3.15 1.94s-7.31-1.67-9-4.63c0 0 3.34 23.88-14.44 18 0 0 19.9 8.7 20.83 9.91s7 4.72 12.59 1.76 6.76-7.5 6.76-7.5 5.37-7.5 5.55-8.61 4.35-2.41 4.35-2.41l8-19.25Z
M217.22 557.66a67.4 67.4 0 0 1-8.57 13.49 54.07 54.07 0 0 1-13.08 11.68s21.19-22.37 21.65-25.17ZM224.93 533.82s-4 14.81-13.15 19.54ZM230.18 535.53c.1-.27 2.62 11.94-12.21 18.07 0 0 6.27-1.87 12.21-18.07ZM139.99 522.03c.23 0-7.37 4.45-9.47 6.56.05 0 5.1-7.04 9.47-6.56Z
F=[M301.92 223.39s-25.68 11.39-24.42 39.36a461.14 461.14 0 0 0 5.88 53.76s-5.25 42.09 16.61 52.94 42.09 19.77 42.09 19.77 34.2 3.68 38.45 5.2 17.53-21.72 15.08-25.34-33.84-11.21-37.84-17.25-13.25-9.77-13.25-9.77-9.55-5.78-10.2-11 1.87-9.11 2.51-11.4 2.26-24.4 2.26-24.4 10.78-78.7-37.17-71.87Z
M340.4 176.17c-5.16 1.48-10.09 6.56-14.38 12.73a108.65 108.65 0 0 0-7.76 13.34c-1.41 2.82-2.65 5.53-3.68 7.89l-.72 1.68c-1.74 4.11-2.71 6.86-2.71 6.86s-39.5-29.7-33.25-31.7c2.1-.67 4.86-5.17 7.59-10.84l.34-.72c1.73-3.64 3.43-7.7 4.94-11.52 3.09-7.85 5.38-14.67 5.38-14.67s60 22.45 44.25 26.95Z
M346.36 718.7c-8.08 3.69-26.35 0-26.35 0l-7.7-.48c-10-.64-26.74-1.72-32.66-2.2-8.64-.71-6.52-4.25-6.52-4.25v-21.39l41.92-10.62s16.57 5.67 21.11 10.62c4.31 4.72 6.83 1.09 14.52 2.45.38.07.78.15 1.2.25 7.3 1.67 11.26 2.33 13.6 8.38a28.1 28.1 0 0 1 1.13 3.9c2.16 9.74-12.18 9.67-20.25 13.34Z
M337.82 765.5c-9.5 4.34-31 0-31 0l-9.05-.53c-11.72-.75-31.46-2-38.43-2.59-10.17-.84-7.67-5-7.67-5v-25.21l49.33-12.5s19.5 6.67 24.84 12.5c5.07 5.55 8 1.28 17.09 2.88.45.08.92.18 1.41.29 8.59 2 13.25 2.75 16 9.87a32.1 32.1 0 0 1 1.33 4.59c2.48 11.46-14.35 11.37-23.85 15.7Z
vM302.9 255.42s-7 17-12.25 19.75 14.75 5.8 12.25-19.75ZM308.15 287.17s-16 2-16 5 16-5 16-5ZM324.9 306.67s-23.25 49.5-29.75 51 29.75-51 29.75-51ZM315.21 215.73l-19.23 8.36-23.21-35.06a13.64 13.64 0 0 0 1.09-3.11c3-13 10.59-7.84 10.59-7.84 1.83 10.17 30.16 37.09 30.16 37.09Z
OM356.1 133.72a35.33 35.33 0 0 1 4.45 14.85c-8.91-5-17.29-10.49-21.52-12.4-7.37-3.33-34.93-2.83-45.29-2.52a34.93 34.93 0 0 1 3.78-5.46 36.18 36.18 0 0 1 8.25-7.22 35.77 35.77 0 0 1 50.38 12.73ZM387.9 157.55c-4.81 1.48-12.66-1.38-20.8-5.48a39.22 39.22 0 0 1-3.07-4.52l27.46 5.18c1.82 1.24 2.28 3.01-3.59 4.82Z
M263.15 232.97s-26.25 10-26.5 38a460.08 460.08 0 0 0 3 54s-7.5 41.75 13.75 53.75 41 22 41 22 33.95 5.5 38.12 7.25 18.66-20.75 16.41-24.5-33.16-13-36.83-19.25-12.71-10.46-12.71-10.46-9.22-6.29-9.59-11.54 2.35-9 3.12-11.25 3.56-24.25 3.56-24.25 14.92-78.05-33.33-73.75Z
jM239.267 170.298h215.478v8.54H239.267zM239.267 197.889h215.478v8.54H239.267zM239.267 225.481h215.478v8.54H239.267zM239.267 253.073h215.478v8.54H239.267zM239.267 280.664h215.478v8.54H239.267zM239.267 308.256h215.478v8.54H239.267zM239.267 335.848h215.478v8.54H239.267z
(fGm462.703 524.61 39.74-55.52-39.84 61.62-.1 6.37c-2.78-.06-5.54-.19-8.26-.38l4.28-81.86-.03-.64.07-.11.41-7.74-39.94-61.77 40.06 55.97.1 1.64 3.23-61.85-34.19-63.83 34.61 52.98 3.37-128.24.01-.44v.43l-.56 101.12 34.04-40.09-34.18 48.8-.9 55.38 31.79-53.15-31.92 61.3-.5 30.79 46.13-73.98-46.31 84.72Z
 parameters. And ofc that ties into your interleaving points.'
Since most liqudiity exists on native tools, it makes sense to use core resources to support this development of a general public good. I'm drafting regulatory work now, and a staunche advocate for fair markets wrote something similar for _Better M_
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream.
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue strea
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I'v
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue sA
One thing I love abotu SPEEDEX is the eaul execution is gives everyone in trading batches. In my mind, we can apply this same principle to path payments whereby all trades in the block with interleaving execute to maximize total output (like the mathhere)
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at 
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at 
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue st
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I'
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stre
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at 
$	But that only applies to marketable orders, and I'm much more concerned with direct exchange quotes from limit orders. That and the consolidation of pool volume into single entitties when all LPs agree ot he same parameters. And ofc that ties into your interleaving points.
We have somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue str
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. IC
I am intimately familiar with the details of Protocol 18's debate along interleavingm, and I again sincerely appreacite, support, and double back your public sentiments on centralized liquidty. As someone who'se applied to Stellar programs for funding at least six times over the years, all to receive circa 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue
 I psot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue 
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at 
n
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all particips de
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you
Oave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all particiis da
 whereby I keep the extra nickel? That's what the thousands of pages of regulation I work bthe 
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you
*proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect b
_ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all partithiss w
n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants.articipant
oave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to a
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you (
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all port@>
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to alleffect
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all part th
*proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectt you
 whereby I keep the extra nickel? That's what the thousands of pages of regulation I work w
*proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect beqet
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all port t you
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all part thix<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all partichis 
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you
oave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all part t
Oave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participan
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you
Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you
n so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participantsparticipan
Oave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participant
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participa ug
ique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP systeit SCP sys
ique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP systemt SCP syst
tem. Our human
inner" style="background: url(data:image/png;base64,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) no-repeat; background-size: 100%"></i></i></a><span id="ag-315" class="ag-paragraph ag-paragraph-content"><span class="ag-plain-text">We have somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that&#39;s truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I&#39;ve just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to nonprofit public utitlieis.</span></s
 I psot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok. Accordingly, all validators have ongoing invencitve to contribute back to the codebase and create the most efficient routing systme. A system, mind you, which would quite likeyl be materially simpler (and more efficeint) with vethe 
K4M917.824 357.056c-22.208-30.272-53.184-65.728-87.168-99.712s-69.44-64.96-99.712-87.168C679.36 132.352 654.336 128 640 128H272C227.904 128 192 163.904 192 208v736c0 44.096 35.904 80 80 80h608c44.096 0 80-35.904 80-80V448c0-14.336-4.352-39.36-42.176-90.944z m-132.48-54.4c30.72 30.72 54.784 58.368 72.576 81.344h-153.984V230.08c22.976 17.792 50.688 41.856 81.344 72.576zM896 944c0 8.704-7.296 16-16 16h-608a16.192 16.192 0 0 1-16-16V208c0-8.64 7.296-16 16-16H640v224a32 32 0 0 0 32 32H896v496z
M512.000512 31.565926c-265.345344 0-480.434074 215.09794-480.434074 480.434074 0 265.325901 215.08873 480.434074 480.434074 480.434074 265.346367 0 480.434074-215.108173 480.434074-480.434074C992.434585 246.662843 777.345856 31.565926 512.000512 31.565926zM559.809377 774.364453l-95.618754 0 0-92.154863 95.618754 0L559.809377 774.364453zM559.802214 627.249861l-95.598288 0.002047-0.014326-386.999055 95.618754 0.026606L559.802214 627.249861z.
We have somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to nonprofit public utitlieis.
and light context around my headspace there, we had a DAO chat 
L
{6UIf the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximu
ter model...

$I am intimately familiar with the details of Protocol 18's debate along interleavingm, and I again sincerely appreacite, support, and double back your public sentiments on centralized liquidty. As someone who'se applied to Stellar programs for funding at least six times over the years, all to receive circa $
: &The solution in the regulated encviormnet of exchanges was to simply let these laternatives proflierate because htey introduced competition to the NYSE, practically the sole liquidity venue at the time (akin to the DEX). They were charging multiple-percentage-point fees per trade, and so this competition was a net benefit in terms of bringing down intdustry costs. 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain t
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I 
dtFirstly, I am super unfortunatley dissapointed in midssing that chat on at a minimum combining ops in a tx. I compleletely support your case in that point because we need contracts to interace wiuth the DEX. Compleyey my bad on missing hte conversation; I don't even known what you're ferreirng to, which is entirely my fault for being out of the loop on that.
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the co
+uoIn the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at $1 when you're willing to pay $
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I
uI appreciate that the majpor concern in the developer world migh t've been their control voer both the router and liqudity pools. But when it comes to the regualtory aspects, the grave and endeering conern is the centralizity of a single entity and group incentivized to profit flrom the deployment fo these exchange services. In the legal world
@ indepnednetly and extensiovely developed such a streamlined service capable of covering these amaterial expense.s I've been blkown awa y by your committment to free communal services, as you showcased quite well with the free refractor signer service the other week. Really appreciate all the good yays you bring to the network despite no formal SCF grants.[^SCF]
I appreciate that the majpor concern in the developer world migh t've been their control voer both the router and liqudity pools. But when it comes to the regualtory aspects, the grave and endeering conern is the centralizity of a single entity and group incentivized to profit flrom the deployment fo these exchange services.
Dtreach on the topic. Not to sa it won't happen, but just still pending a more in-depth convo there. t for being out of the loop on that. best execution.
Firstly, I am super unfortunatley dissapointed in midssing that chat on at a minimum combining ops in a tx. I compleletely support your case in that point because we need contracts to interace wiuth the DEX. Compleyey my bad on missing hte conversation; I don't even known what you're ferreirng to, which is entirely my fault for being out of the loop on that.
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, an
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the c
If you say Jon can't get onboard with best execution just yet, then I'll defer to your perspective and believe in your sentiments. I really appreciate your wokr and haven't been able to connect with them despite extensive outreach on the topic. Not to sa it won't happen, but just still pending a more in-depth convo there. T
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and 
The solution in the regulated encviormnet of exchanges was to simply let these laternatives proflierate because htey introduced competition to the NYSE, practically the sole liquidity venue at the time (akin to the DEX). They were charging multiple-percentage-point fees per trade, and so this competition was a net benefit in terms of bringing down intdustry costs. 
I am intimately familiar with the details of Protocol 18's debate along interleavingm, and I again sincerely appreacite, support, and double back your public sentiments on centralized liquidty. As someone who'se applied to Stellar programs for funding at least six times over the years, all to receive circa $2$
If you say Jon can't get onboard with best execution just yet, then I'll defer to your perspective and believe in your sentiments. I really appreciate your wokr and haven't been able to connect with them despite extensive outreach on the topic. Not to sa it won't happen, but just still pending a more in-depth convo there. H
dtFirstly, I am super unfortunatley dissapointed in midssing that chat on at a minimum combining ops in a tx. I compleletely support your case in that point because we need contracts to interace wiuth the DEX. Compleyey my bad on missing hte conversation; I don't even known what you're ferreirng to, which is entirely my fault for being out of the loop on that.g
is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions, 
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers@V
The larget item here is exactly what we want to incentivize across the network. The fact of the matter is that different liquidity vanues always compete, and by and large they attract competitiors. IF we support the present fragmentation today, unfortunately other chains show that it will only get worse and wors.et, I agree that you are good leg
all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain
tWe have somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly 
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at $1 when you're willing to 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and
W indepnednetly and extensiovely developed such a streamlined service capable of covering these amaterial expense.s I've been blkown awa y by your committment to free communal services, as you showcased quite well with the free refractor signer service the other week. Really appreciate all the good yays you bring to the network despite minimal formal SCF grants.[^SCF]<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I be
W indepnednetly and extensiovely developed such a streamlined service capable of covering these amaterial expense.s I've been blkown awa y by your committment to free communal services, as you showcased quite well with the free refractor signer service the other week. Really appreciate all the good yays you bring to the network despite minimal formal SCF grants.[^SCF]<
all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maint
 indepnednetly and extensiovely developed such a streamlined service capable of covering these amaterial expense.s I've been blkown awa y by your committment to free communal services, as you showcased quite well with the free refractor signer service the other week. Really appreciate all the good yays you bring to the network despite no formal SCF grants.[
Dng interleving. Yes, yes, yes 100% there is nobody else I know of with such stature who'se continually pounded the drum on getting users best execution.
THe DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP system. Our humanitarian, utilitarian, and chartiable efforts wholly seperate us from the large swath of above vanues designed to extract profits for their creators. Here we quite explicitly only have minimal transctional costs to prevent spam.nging down intdustry costs. 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintai
THe DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP system. Our humanitarian, utilitarian, and chartiable efforts wholly seperate us from the large swath of above vanues designed to extract profits for their creators. Here we quite explicitly only have minimal transctional costs to prevent spam.
 indepnednetly and extensiovely developed such a streamlined service capable of covering these amaterial expense.s I've been blkown awa y by your committment to free communal services, as you showcased quite well with the free refractor signer service the other week. Really appreciate all the good yays you bring to the network despite no formal SCF grants.[^]]
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably) conflicts with investor protectiosn and best execution. Put as simply as I can, why should I sell you apples at $1 when you're willing to buy just as much at $
The larget item here is exactly what we want to incentivize across the network. The fact of the matter is that different liquidity vanues always compete, and by and large they attract competitiors. IF we support the present fragmentation today, unfortunately other chains show that it will only get worse and wors.eo thex<
Q"kis a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. As someone who applied tfor far too many grants early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions, 
: &The solution in the regulated encviormnet of exchanges was to simply let these laternatives proflierate because htey introduced competition to the NYSE, practically the sole liquidity venue at the time (akin to the DEX). They were charging multiple-percentage-point fees per trade, and so this competition was a net benefit in terms of bringing down intdustry costs. 
The larget item here is exactly what we want to incentivize across the network. The fact of the matter is that different liquidity vanues always compete, and by and large they attract competitiors. IF we support the present fragmentation today, unfortunately other chains show that it will only get worse and wors.e
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the
I appreciate that the majpor concern in the developer world migh t've been their control voer both the router and liqudity pools. But when it comes to the regualtory aspects, the grave and endeering conern is the centralizity of a single entity and group incentivized to profit flrom the deployment fo these exchange services.
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I b
I appreciate that the majpor concern in the developer world migh t've been their control voer both the router and liqudity pools. But when it comes to the regualtory aspects, the grave and endeering conern is the centralizity of a single entity and group incentivized to profit flrom the deployment fo these exchange services.
THe DEX is so unique becuase of its antural position in the core operatus of the nonprofit SCP system. Our humanitarian, utilitarian, and chartiable efforts wholly seperate us from the large swath of above vanues designed to extract profits for their creators. Here we quite explicitly only have minimal transctional costs to prevent spam.
D with the free refractor signer service the other week. Really appreciate all the good yays you bring to the networ
If you say Jon can't get onboard with best execution just yet, then I'll defer to your perspective and believe in your sentiments. I really appreciate your wokr and haven't been able to connect with them despite extensive outreach on the topic. Not to sa it won't happen, but just still pending a more in-depth convo there. workx<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain thp
Dy were charging multiple-percentage-point fees per trade, and so this competition was a net benefit in terms of bringing down intdustry costs. ll users.

ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to p(and more efficeint) w universa	
background: url("data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACgAAAAoCAYAAACM/rhtAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAONJREFUWAntljEOgkAQRXc4hxfyIlZ29hb2dlZexAt5DteVOAl88gOB3UXip4Elw8znbcIjBB0iIALbJmAs/vF03gd73WOMO1aT876ZPUNsDrfr5dHt23QXveuK4T5zWxBpZi9DWvCAWLnSmgdMuFvslYL5FlcapzEiIAIisBkC1MX+Buhk/6CiM3PX+XxuEq8AJzNn4o/F4rrv/PGAHnSl83hAcLJv8SBv7rrBAN0QAREQgf8kQF2Mbi2NxwWAjucmAQeXDsjczQOWTjSxPw8Ibp3Yb3aZb/HsBnpQBETgRwm8AeMyfRZbHsrFAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to  (and more efficeint) a une
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to publd more effic)s to
background: url("data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACgAAAAoCAYAAACM/rhtAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAANtJREFUWAntlTEOwjAMReOegwtxESY2dgZ2NiYuwoU4R0Nb1VLkj8WQKCbS75R+J/HPi5SfEj8SIIGxCYi1f75cj0nm56bn6fS4317lHK3nnA+lXjsWkXf60m+CjRdza/PNgBotJ+31Umox9vqhwRbdGu6BBhfMK25FDr32OuiVgtuvcl8uJwESIIHRCYRlsT7MNustUEySTlnsZe9vg3ZG8D8S7JTFesXB52d7EiABEvh7AmFZ7JHRB1wzGpOkUxZ7Bm1Go0FvZZCOBjtlsXdevWKvTp0ESGA0Ah+DRYoW4AJEJAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public ore efficein)o a
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to pubnd more effi)
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to publicmore efficei)to a 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to puand more eff)mes to 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to publi more effice) to a u

nAs for teh fears of this challenge, I will posit that I wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats thinking about 1inch and others. As a very tangential and light context around my headspace there, we had a DAO chat 
IJf/FgFSi3smwS6c
nAs for teh fears of this challenge, I will posit that I wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats thinking about 1inch and others. As a very tangential and light context around my headspace there, we had a DAO chat 
M819.2 358.4H450.458L382.208 256H153.6v512h665.6V358.4zm-341.35-51.2H819.2a51.2 51.2 0 0 1 51.2 51.2V768a51.2 51.2 0 0 1-51.2 51.2H153.6a51.2 51.2 0 0 1-51.2-51.2V256a51.2 51.2 0 0 1 51.2-51.2h228.608a51.2 51.2 0 0 1 42.598 22.784L477.85 307.2z	
M531.2 682.667h89.173L402.347 128h-79.36L104.96 682.667h89.173l47.787-128h240.64l48.64 128zM274.347 469.333l88.32-235.52 88.32 235.52h-176.64zm646.826 25.174L576 839.68 419.413 682.667l-60.16 60.16L576.427 960l404.906-405.333-60.16-60.16z
M146.286 73.655a73.143 73.143 0 1 1 146.285 0v876.69a73.143 73.143 0 1 1-146.285 0V73.655zm585.143 0a73.143 73.143 0 1 1 146.285 0v876.69a73.143 73.143 0 1 1-146.285 0V73.655zM292.57 438.857H731.43v146.286H292.57V438.857z
M512.96 147.61s0 28.25-7.69 30.26M450.09 184.21s30.54 2.62 44.63-13.14M505.08 114.24s-7.39 28.65-27.78 36.37M431.77 154.03s21.62 7.52 40.21-11.62M481.04 89.61s-2 24.33-15.27 35.72M432.57 116.95s17.94.13 22.14-5.72
q6m959.29 582.22-1.58-2-5.33-6.86-2.71-3.51a9.13 9.13 0 0 0 3.85 1 5.18 5.18 0 0 0 5-3.17 39.18 39.18 0 0 0 1.95-4.48c.88-2.5.86-3.78.55-4.22s2 1.68 3.06 2.72l.51.48.19.38 2.79 5.4a1.45 1.45 0 0 1 0 .23c.2 1.7 1.1 12.49-8.28 14.03Z
yM166.09 830.27a9 9 0 0 0-1.52 2.09l18 2.79a8.2 8.2 0 0 1-1.09-4.3s-11.91-3.99-15.39-.58ZM111.26 824.3l-.13 3.39c2.64 4.75 16.29 4.26 20.33 2.09a7.86 7.86 0 0 1-.83-.45c-3-1.81-2.77-6-2.77-6s-11.94-4-15.38-.59a8.84 8.84 0 0 0-1.22 1.56Z
Fm275.31 497.46 8.84 5.2s.37-.71.89-1.68c.93-1.77 2.31-4.43 2.7-5.39.59-1.47 4.43-3.22 4.43-3.22 9.81-8.67-1.16-16.86-1.16-16.86-5.5-12.23-12.76 3.58-12.76 3.58s-1.25 8.43-.62 9 .54 2.91.54 2.91a34 34 0 0 0-2.38 5.08c-.31.83-.48 1.38-.48 1.38Z
:uM162.02 529.8s44.07 6.7 35.9 3.7c-5.69-2.1-7.84-5.85-8.16-9.93a23.22 23.22 0 0 1 2-10.18 44.62 44.62 0 0 1 4.27-7.84s-33.12-19.91-27-2.73a27.14 27.14 0 0 1 1.61 8.09 22.8 22.8 0 0 1-1.18 8.08 24.2 24.2 0 0 1-7.44 10.81Z
m330.61 236.75-.12 1.1-16.63-26c-1.74 4.11-2.71 6.86-2.71 6.86s-39.5-29.74-33.25-31.74c2.1-.67 4.86-5.17 7.59-10.84l.34-.72c2.9 8.64 19.75 25.91 26.76 32.83.81.8 1.48 1.46 2 1.94l1.07 1 .56.56c2.55 2.63 13.31 14.23 14.39 25.01Z
m436.35 312.55-28.39 22.25 92.34 6.91 15.09-22.77-79.04-6.39zM303.08 323.03l69.32-8.44 35.56 20.21-77 12.53-27.88-24.3zM424.84 353.73v99.67l-36.07-3.7-15.69-1.6-4.78-.5-15.68-1.61-21.66-2.22v-96.44l76.99 5.24 16.89 1.16z
3m315.522 330.698-89.625-69.677a10.23 10.23 0 0 0-8.87-5.131h-48.372a10.23 10.23 0 0 0-10.23 10.23v426.942a33.185 33.185 0 0 0 33.184 33.185h496.563a33.185 33.185 0 0 0 33.185-33.185V360.86a30.163 30.163 0 0 0-30.163-30.163Z
M98.837 288.95v-3.096l-8.842-14.59s-8.843.885-10.169 4.864-16.358 35.811-16.358 35.811L47.55 454.744s43.77 10.61 50.402 3.094 31.832-171.1 31.832-171.1l3.537-19.895s-6.073-8.842-7.457-7.516-24.375 26.97-24.375 26.97l-.442 3.979Z
~YAM888.387 410.527s-22.863 86.599-22.17 128.859 9.7 101.147 9.7 101.147 1.385 25.634-.694 28.405 10.392 14.548 10.392 14.548l13.163-7.62 4.85-5.543v-4.85s-7.62-23.554-1.386-42.26 9.7-65.815 3.464-80.363l42.953-127.474Z
m950.045 677.251 5.13-1.115s3.876-8.584 8.726-6.506a52.3 52.3 0 0 1 9.643 5.778l2.134 3.921s4.85 10.392 11.085 17.32 13.163 22.17 2.771 23.555-24.248 2.079-28.404-1.385-1.386-9.007-5.543-10.392-7.62-5.543-6.928-6.928 1.386-24.248 1.386-24.248Z
d_Tm905.706 168.743 9.151-3.195s-3.608 5.966 15.79 9.43 39.487 4.69 48.494-6.661c0 0 3.465-1.653 8.315 3.197s7.62 3.464 7.62 3.464l-3.464 18.012-6.928 33.254-9.006 24.94-25.633-5.541-27.712-20.091-10.392-27.02v-24.94Z
)icon-flowchart

are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and
@. Now I see it as our responsability to continue developing that next step.
	1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 
jag-float-wrapper ag-footnote-tool-container
,ag-table-bar-tools ag-float-container
ag-paragraph ag-active ag-paragraph-content
 3jM4 10.5V13h1v-3H4v.5ZM15 10.5V13h1v-3h-1v.5Z
c^overflow: visible; width: 190px; height: 0px;;
	1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 
	1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 
1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 
	1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 
1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 

ag-147ace<
4. Other Systems
+that next step.
maligngroup
#ag-210ft<
+that next step
=hZAhttps://x<
hZAhttps://
^QF#ag-315
Xhttps://w
epeat4,iVBORw0KG
+that next step
ag-181lLeft
Xhttps://w<
ag-212eft<
!Jamlongdivx<
+that next step
https://wo
https://wo
+that next step
https://woo
https://woo
+that next step
9	#]: And 
https://woot
https://woot
	~+ag-211eft
+that next step
https://woote
https://woote
+that next step
https://wooten.
https://wooten
SEMANTICS<
+that next step
#ag-18397ent
https://wooten.
https://wooten.
qN$https://wooten.l
https://wooten.lin
+that next step
=qN$https://wooten.lx<
https://wooten.li<
https://web.archive.org/web/20121110171439/http://www.banking.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=56ef1df0-6c9a-4c53-99e8-2ad7a614afe2
OlmajnZbhEFKCgERB+ljTtI8z1Szbuf73+A9BcTt1PXfliAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC
& &3&E&X&i&|&

lis a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions, x<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core inn
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core in
Before diving into the substantive points, I want to again preface by a great fundamental support of all your wookr including this. I greatly appreciated both the sentiments in CAP37 and the surrounding publications advocating interleving. Yes, yes, yes 100% there is nobody else I know of with such stature who'se continually pounded the drum on getting users best execution.
)\O

?sizing reset-size6 size3 mtight
0ppfirst-contentful-paint
if we can get these tokens onbaord,
/ave somethign so incrdibly clo
ave somethign so incrdibly cl
[that next step](https://wooten.)
Luh1 when you're willing to pay sell
1 when you're willing to pay 
figure[data-role='HTML']it as a s
5Keag-paragraph ag-atx-line
$?aragraph ag-atx-linesiovely de
N.-webkit-text-stroke-widthl;rmal;
Render flow chart by vega-lite.js.
Render PlantUML diagramsce.
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
Render Diagram by mermaid.
RUtext-decoration-colore: initial;e 
aragraph ag-paragraph-contenteve
if we can get these tokens onbaord,
ave somethign so incrd
https://wooten.link/1558x<
https://wooten.link/1558
https://wooten.link/1558
(Ahttps://wooten.link/155
&[that next step](https://wooten.lin)
Increasing Fragmentationx<
[that next step](https://wooten.li)
Render flow chart by flowchart.js.
C[that next step](https://wooten.l)
(1. Increasing Fragmentation
phttps://wooten.link/15
80https://wooten.link/1
[Vtext-decoration-thickness, 40, 40);
margin-right:0.03588em;
?ave somethign so incrdibly close
ave somethign so incr
'oaragraph ag-active
2. Foundation Support
yu5. Funding Development
span.ag-inline-image imgx<
O!text-decoration-stylekness: initial;
Luh1 when you're willing to pay 
figure.ag-container-blockt as a si
(1. Increasing Fragmentation
nline-rule ag-reference-link
txpre[data-role$='code']
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
4margin-right:0.05724em;
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
eader-tight-space ag-remove
top:-3.063em;margin-right:0.05em;
1 when you're willing to pay 
margin-right:0.01968em;
ave somethign so incrdibly clos
1 when you're willing to pay 
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
margin-right:0.02691em;
'?aragraph ag-paragraph-content
aragraph ag-active
aragraph ag-paragraph-content<
_ave somethign so incrdibly 
ag-inline-rule ag-reference-link
ave somethign so incrdibly
yu5. Funding Development
aragraph ag-paragraph-contentev
2. Foundation Support
ave somethign so incrdibl
ave somethign so incrdibly c
+/ave somethign so incrdibly clos
deleteContentBackward
ave somethign so inc
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
ng reset-size6 size3 mtight
ide ag-math-marker
Oaragraph ag-paragraph-content
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
aragraph ag-paragraph-content
aragraph ag-atx-line
_eader-tight-space ag-remove
oave somethign so incrdi
/aragraph ag-paragraph-content
nline-rule ag-reference-link
s://wooten.link/1558
ave somethign so incrdib
market is truly a public good
https://wooten.link/1558x<
https://wooten.link/1558
 truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectTk
e find tr>'
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (gover)
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (go) 
e find the best paths. No user choices nee
All this to say,  I see it as a simple hop-skip-jump to becoming the workld;s financial system if we can get the trading systems right, a feat unachieved on any other chains. I can get the regulators on board once we have the throughpuit, and I',m already doign ti without SPEEDEX. We can bring every stock and bond directly to the network and give anyone the opportuntiy to invest directly on the DEX. But this vision becomes expoenntially harder with alteratnive exchange venues outside the standarziation and unionization of the native trading.
All this to say,  I see it as a simple hop-skip-jump to becoming the workld;s financial system if we can get the trading systems right, a feat unachieved on any other chains. I can get the regulators on board once we have the throughpuit, and I',m already doign ti without SPEEDEX. We can bring every stock and bond directly to the network and give anyone the opportuntiy to invest directly on the DEX. But this vision becomes expoenntially harder with alteratnive exchange venues outside the standarziation and unionization of the native trading.hink we should just let the systme find the best paths. No user choices needed
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
e find the best paths. No uDC
|If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect
e find the best paths. No user choicen to th
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) c
e find the best paths. No
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) 
e find the best paths. No user cxpl
if we can get these tokens onbaord the native side, then more anchors should run nodes and offer these serices. But on a higher level, I agree that we need to look deepl yinto abstracting the pathfinding away from user e=decisions. As I understand it, Silence is working on a routing algorthm that takes into account volume impacts on avaliable liquidity. Surely this is realtively simiolar to the work you've done here figurign out the best path to execute a trade. When it comes to a universal DEX implemetned wit independent scaling nodes, I  think we should just let the systme find the best paths. No user choices needed.
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (g)
est paths. No user choices needed.ices needed.
Agreed, HOrizon routing is quandarous, especially given the centrality of their instance for a lot of new apps. I appreciate that the SDF truncated thier node history so as to inspure more communtiy particpants, vis-a-vi the validator awards profgram. Once we have more businesses built on the network, the flywheel hopefully kicks this off even cleaner. I'm sure you've throgh a lot about this, and I'd be remiss to not thank Enrique for educating me as to the centralization (-ish) of the current pathfinding on cross-asset paytments.nodes, I  think we should just let the systme find the best paths. No user choices neede
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (gove)a
ars to adequately simplify and explain to 
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental)
e find the best paths. No user chpla
 systme find the best paths. No user choices to
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
ars to adequately simplify and explain to the lu
All this to say,  I see it as a simple hop-skip-jump to becoming the workld;s financial system if we can get the trading systems right, a feat unachieved on any other chains. I can get the regulators on board once we have the throughpuit, and I',m already doign ti without SPEEDEX. We can bring every stock and bond directly to the network and give anyone the opportuntiy to invest directly on the DEX. But this vision becomes expoenntially harder with alteratnive exchange venues outside the standarziation and unionization of the native trading.
As a parallel, the DAO chat outlined at a  very high level how much of the recent devlopments parlllel the development of alternative "mini-stock-exchange" trade orderbooks in the 70s onward./ Here we are five decades later, ad it's extremely clear to our comunity that the tail end of this "decentralized fragmentation" is an abundantly powerful central control over market access, rates, and pathfinding./ When for-profit (centralized or decentralized) groups control these systems, users today gt raked through the mud.
bAgreed, HOrizon routing is quandarous, especially given the centrality of their instance for a lot of new apps. I appreciate that the SDF truncated thier node history so as to inspure more communtiy particpants, vis-a-vi the validator awards profgram. Once we have more businesses built on the network, the flywheel hopefully kicks this off even cleaner. I'm sure you've throgh a lot about this, and I'd be remiss to not thank Enrique for educating me as to the centralization (-ish) of the current pathfinding on cross-asset paytments.
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectI'm all 
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
level of direct control best serves the 
if we can get these tokens onbaord the native side, then more anchors should run nodes and offer these serices. But on a higher level, I agree that we need to look deepl yinto abstracting the pathfinding away from user e=decisions. As I understand it, Silence is working on a routing algorthm that takes into account volume impacts on avaliable liquidity. Surely this is realtively simiolar to the work you've done here figurign out the best path to execute a trade. When it comes to a universal DEX implemetned wit independent scaling nodes, I  think we should just let the systme find the best paths. No user choices needed.
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) cases. I'm all for the pro
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. pening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect
[^work]: And othse who cer 
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmen)
e find the best paths. No user choi
 truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectma
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) cases. I'm all for the p
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
est paths. No user choices needed.ices needed
~ I psot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok. Accordingly, all validators have ongoing invencitve to contribute back to the codebase and create the most efficient routing systme. A system, mind you, which would quite likeyl be materially simpler (and more efficeint) with a focus on native liquidity.
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) cases. I'm all for the proe
ars to adequately simplify and exp 
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
e find the best paths. No use
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) cases. I'm all for the 
ars to adequately simplify and explai
if we can get these tokens onbaord the native side, then more anchors should run nodes and offer these serices. But on a higher level, I agree that we need to look deepl yinto abstracting the pathfinding away from user e=decisions. As I understand it, Silence is working on a routing algorthm that takes into account volume impacts on avaliable liquidity. Surely this is realtively simiolar to the work you've done here figurign out the best path to execute a trade. When it comes to a universal DEX implemetned wit independent scaling nodes, I  think we should just let the systme find the best paths. No user choices needed.
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governme) 
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (govern)n
ars to adequately simplify and explain
 truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect 
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
ars to adequately simplify and explain to the l
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. pening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectlFTkSuQmCC") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
Perhaps the bumping point here in reachign that goal of a "universal payment system" laregly sits in replacing everyhting underlying present banking infrastructure. Compeltyey support this vision as all the old systms are horrible; I've seen and work with designers thereof firsthand. But there are some very steep incumbency barriers whcih the largest instutitions fight tooth-and-nail to maintain thier monopoly over financial accounts. We've seen this firsthand with the SDF and many community projects like ours in the regulatory space being aggressively debanked.
[^SCF]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (
Perhaps the bumping point here in reachign that goal of a "universal payment system" laregly sits in replacing everyhting underlying present banking infrastructure. Compeltyey support this vision as all the old systms are horrible; I've seen and work with designers thereof firsthand. But there are some very steep incumbency barriers whcih the largest instutitions fight tooth-and-nail to maintain thier monopoly over financial accounts. We've seen this firsthand with the SDF and many community projects like ours in the regulatory space being aggressively debanked.
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
bAgreed, HOrizon routing is quandarous, especially given the centrality of their instance for a lot of new apps. I appreciate that the SDF truncated thier node history so as to inspure more communtiy particpants, vis-a-vi the validator awards profgram. Once we have more businesses built on the network, the flywheel hopefully kicks this off even cleaner. I'm sure you've throgh a lot about this, and I'd be remiss to not thank Enrique for educating me as to the centralization (-ish) of the current pathfinding on cross-asset paytments.l
As a parallel, the DAO chat outlined at a  very high level how much of the recent devlopments parlllel the development of alternative "mini-stock-exchange" trade orderbooks in the 70s onward./ Here we are five decades later, ad it's extremely clear to our comunity that the tail end of this "decentralized fragmentation" is an abundantly powerful central control over market access, rates, and pathfinding./ When for-profit (centralized or decentralized) groups control these systems, users today gt raked through the mud.L
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry.pening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect) 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
e find the best paths. No user
~ I psot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok. Accordingly, all validators have ongoing invencitve to contribute back to the codebase and create the most efficient routing systme. A system, mind you, which would quite likeyl be materially simpler (and more efficeint) with a focus on native liquidity.ses. I'm 
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governm)
est paths. Nest paths.
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some )
e find the best paths. No user choices needed.R
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) cases. I'm all for the pr
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) cases. I'm all for the proeper stew
If the market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectI'm all for th
As a parallel, the DAO chat outlined at a  very high level how much of the recent devlopments parlllel the development of alternative "mini-stock-exchange" trade orderbooks in the 70s onward./ Here we are five decades later, ad it's extremely clear to our comunity that the tail end of this "decentralized fragmentation" is an abundantly powerful central control over market access, rates, and pathfinding./ When for-profit (centralized or decentralized) groups control these systems, users today gt raked through the mud.n
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (gov)
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmenta)
st let the systme find the best paths. No 
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (governmental) ca
e find the best paths. N
he market is truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effectn
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some (government)e
e find the best paths. No user cho
F]: This is a relativeyl centralized service, which I hope we can continue DAO-ifying. Myt largest critiuqe after spendign far too many hours drafting submissions: the centralized nature of explicit defined work items, project budggets, and directive timelines. I applied tfor far too many grants from a wide array of programs early on for Block Transfer in the guise of nonprofit intentions. I saw similar schemes where you'd define excaclty what you wanted funds for, down to the penny in some ()s
Wdata:image/png;base64,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
data:image/png;base64,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h
Tk`background: url("data:image/png;base64,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") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
sbackground: url("data:image/png;base64,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") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
Ofile:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#toc
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#iconRegex
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#undraw_folder
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#iconCase
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#files
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#close
rfile:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#iconWord
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#search
file:///E:/Programs/MarkText/resources/app.asar/dist/electron/index.html?udp=C%3A%5CUsers%5CJohn%5CAppData%5CRoaming%5Cmarktext&debug=0&wid=1&type=editor&cff=DejaVu+Sans+Mono&cfs=14&hsb=0&theme=dark&tbs=custom&slp=0#setting
As for teh fears of this challenge, I will posit that I wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats thinking about 1inch and others. As a very tangential and light context around my headspace there, we had a DAO chat [last night](
nAs for teh fears of this challenge, I will posit that I wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats thinking about 1inch and others. As a very tangential and light context around my headspace there, we had a DAO chat 
nAs for teh fears of this challenge, I will posit that I wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats thinking about 1inch and others. As a very tangential and light context around my headspace there, we had a DAO chat 
nAs for teh fears of this challenge, I will posit that I wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats thinking about 1inch and others. As a very tangential and light context around my headspace there, we had a DAO chat 
We have somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public utitlie
As for the COinbase chatter, I will say that the sections refderenced and pages associated implicate their noncustodial wallet. There is a lot of interest case law which developed after this particualr Wells Notice which validates quite meaningfully the wokr on exchange which I do. It's not super relevant to the point, but just for posterirtyy I'll add that Stellar is practicallyt hthe most-cited serious chain in decentralized offerings filed through EDGAR.
Replacing the clearinghouses of monetrayr transfers will take gargantuan communal momentaum because of all these mamouth vested interests., It's somethign very big and challenging, which unfortnatly quite few projcts I can think of have made a dent in so far. Honestly, how can you when you need tpo use their centralized on-ramps everywhere outside of the Moneygram integration? And even then, they've denied my own use of that service per preliminary jurisdiction checks.
As for the COinbase chatter, I will say that the sections refderenced and pages associated implicate their noncustodial wallet. There is a lot of interest case law which developed after this particualr Wells Notice which validates quite meaningfully the wokr on exchange which I do. It's not super relevant to the point, but just for posterirtyy I'll add that Stellar is practicallyt hthe most-cited serious chain in decentralized offerings filed through EDGAR.
The changes in CAP38 to work with trustline authoprizations were critically important for regulated assets. One reason the Soroabn pools are so risky for these applications stems from the lack of support for de-authorizations. I really wish 38 brought with it your pathfinding implementations. It just statrted with a single step of making things work on the compliance side. Now I see it as our responsability to continue developing [that next step](
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public utit
 The changes in CAP38 to work with trustline authoprizations were critically important for regulated assets. One reason the Soroabn pools are so risky for these applications stems from the lack of support for de-authorizations. I really wish 38 brought with it your pathfinding implementations. It just statrted with a single step of making things work on the compliance side. Now I see it as our responsability to continue developing [that next step]]
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public ut
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public utitl
sot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok. Accordingly, all validators have ongoing invencitve to contribute back to the codebase and create the most efficient routing systme. A system, mind you, which would quite likeyl be materially simpler ()
sot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok. Accordingly, all validators have ongoing invencitve to contribute back to the codebase and create the most efficient routing systme. A system, mind you, which would quite likeyl be matex<
We have somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public utitliei
One thing I love abotu SPEEDEX is the eaul execution is gives everyone in trading batches. In my mind, we can apply this same principle to path payments whereby all trades in the block with interleaving execute to maximize total output (like the math here as I understand it). Then we can just give everyone their share of the result based on inputs. Thus, everyone just gets the best rate, becuase why would anyone want a route worse than the best rate?
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public uti`
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public utitliei
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public utitli
Replacing the clearinghouses of monetrayr transfers will take gargantuan communal momentaum because of all these mamouth vested interests., It's somethign very big and challenging, which unfortnatly quite few projcts I can think of have made a dent in so far. Honestly, how can you when you need tpo use their centralized on-ramps everywhere outside of the Moneygram integration? And even then, they've denied my own use of that service per preliminary jurisdiction checks.
One thing I love abotu SPEEDEX is the eaul execution is gives everyone in trading batches. In my mind, we can apply this same principle to path payments whereby all trades in the block with interleaving execute to maximize total output (like the math here as I understand it). Then we can just give everyone their share of the result based on inputs. Thus, everyone just gets the best rate, becuase why would anyone want a route worse than the best rate?V
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its maximum effectiveness and efficienty to remove the need for a revenue stream. I've just seen this destroy the integrity of markets so ghastardly before, and I believe we can truly maintain the core innovations through a combination of distributing the fee pool or inflation rewards to public utitlie
One thing I love abotu SPEEDEX is the eaul execution is gives everyone in trading batches. In my mind, we can apply this same principle to path payments whereby all trades in the block with interleaving execute to maximize total output (like the math here as I understand it). Then we can just give everyone their share of the result based on inputs. Thus, everyone just gets the best rate, becuase why would anyone want a route worse than the best rate?
sot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok. Accordingly, all validators have ongoing invencitve to contribute back to the codebase and create the most efficient routing systme. A system, mind you, which would quite likeyl be mat
sot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. These costs should be explicly built into the consensus layer as a decentralized aspect of the entwrok. Accordingly, all validators have ongoing invencitve to contribute back to the codebase and create the most efficient routing systme. A system, mind you, which would quite likeyl be m
0% no-repeat;
Ucdata:image/png;base64,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d
QbRwTXzqXP5ewf0uEVcb9Nt+OWwVMK/ANi5mZTElVwIAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=ORK5CYII=) no-repeat
0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
0% no-repeat;
"data:image/png;base64,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") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;% no-repeat;
"data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACgAAAAoCAYAAACM/rhtAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAh1JREFUWAntl78vBEEUx9/b9aPRSDSC0n8gUR0SWolOpaSREwmncMgFp8AlCA1/gVKlkvhRiMQ/gJYoCIWLhNgZ81xmdvb2rIu922lmks2+mfdm3iffeTu7C2CbVcCsAhiVfmpuaZAxNsoB+oBDBwBviYqvhQ8R74E7E7uF5WNar6HSolOZhW7G4cDzvP5K/nqOcc47Edm+yNFFeUKA6cxiyuPsSCjWWk+Qatd29MCScmbh5BZLroCCtK3lyokJFwjOhtvUfL21ln2UEydnsqI0/bZXyFes52rj/JWClgKkByJcc85aW4u7mMvlWHBacj0FSE+rnpaUMw1HPKoGf44SjZC21aRyEkUBls45OQxANef3zFk+oDmGyMw+IMKDHul9fvTofVO2AhRnxLkOwYFlRA0qv+5L0lYAjuMc6onFKyf19OatmIZUgDvryyfiaDnTIQHY/HPx6zQ9uzQ8PZ9vD/qS6alzkNI5COMewJX+NiElOXgp9vEO4q1QokJ4FTGJNKUgZdvZWL1r4DACBBDVEvyQCAAS03Yhf+4i9oa3O4q4fr4QIKUiJXc3Vwdc1x0SoAeAeAOARYmBgC/Srvc9UIPlyejBEWN0hVr5V0oooEYDFRWs0do1WcYCxpXRKmgVjKtA3Pm2Bq2CcRWIO//fNSh+EW5lct2WY/Ku+3Rb+v+6/x/QbRwTXzqXP5ewf0uEVcb9Nt+OWwVMK/ANi5mZTElVwIAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;% no-repeat;a
 truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market datafeeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers
are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and
proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect
 truly a public good then it is incumbent on regulators to ensure that it remains stable, fair and orderly, rather than ensuring that exchanges continue to profit from the maker-taker model... market data
feeds and tick data history should be opened up. It is critical to understand that many academic papers
are skewed because they are either funded directly by the industry, or provided access to expensive and
proprietary data by the industry. Opening up access to this data would have a dramatic effect
background: url(data:image/png;base64,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) no-repeat; background-size: 100%1
data:image/png;base64,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
background: url("data:image/png;base64,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") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
background: url("data:image/png;base64,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") 0% 0% / 100% no-repeat;
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this s
https://web.archive.org/web/20121110171439/http://www.banking.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=56ef1df0-6c9a-4c53-99e8-2ad7a614afe2ork now,
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and buil
9https://web.archive.org/web/20121110171439/http://www.banking.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=56ef1df0-6c9a-4c53-99e8-2ad7a614afe2
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built t
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and b
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system <
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this syst
R?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this syste
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this sys<
1.05 whereby I keep the extra nickel? That's what the thousands of pages of regulation I work with try to stop companies from introducing into the market.
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built ti
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (if not inevitably))
https://web.archive.org/web/20121110171439/http://www.banking.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=56ef1df0-6c9a-4c53-99e8-2ad7a614afe2
As a parallel, the DAO chat outlined at a  very high level how much of the recent devlopments parlllel the development of alternative "mini-stock-exchange"
:?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and 
 I psot (and feel free to push back here) that we onyl have these six-figure annual expendses because of the centralization of one particular routing service. 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system a
C?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its
The SDF care very deeply about payments, as I understand it based on interpetations of practically all public materials. They see quite deeply, as OI interp[
v?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and bu
X?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system andx<
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this syx<
Since most liqudiity exists on native tools, it makes sense to use core resources to support this development of a general public good. I'm drafting 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system an
?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to its 
[Dave Laurer](https://web.archive.org/web/20121110171439/http://www.banking.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=56ef1df0-6c9a-4c53-99e8-2ad7a614afe2)x<
In the legal world a company selling trade routing and exchangeservices is regulated by the SEC. It's regulated because, hsitorcally, the profit motive often (
O?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to it
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to i
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it to
=?ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it t
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and built it 
ave somethign so incrdibly close to this ideal of a market that's truly free to all participants. I believe so deeply that we should support this system and bui
 ag-show-quick-insert-hint
 covering these implications (at XYZ time)
ave somethign so incrdibly close to th
editor-component ag-show-quick-insert-hint
 covering these implications (at XYZ time).
 ag-show-quick-insert-hint
5span.ag-soft-line-break, span.ag-hard-line-breakx<
`O,### if we can get these tokens onbaord,
&Again, I really like your implmenetation here. It's quite leegeant and frnakly incredible that you[^work] 
aragraph ag-active ag-paragraph-contentCAYAAACM/
O[that next step](https://wooten.link)
[that next step](https://wooten.link/)
Render sequence diagram by js-sequence.
[that next step](https://wooten.link/155)
[that next step](https://wooten.link/15)
N[that next step](https://wooten.link/1)
changes in CAP38 to work with trustli<
[that next step](https://wooten.link/1558)oCAYAAACM/
?% Blink serialized form state version 10 
[that next step](https://wooten.link/1558)
 Ipsot (and feel free to push back here)&
base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACAAAAAgCAYAAABze
 covering these implications (at XYZ time).
D+ I psot (and feel free to push back here) 
	1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 
	1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 
1 when you're willing to buy just as much at
1 when you're willing to buy just as much at 