# Ficst Names and ONline Respect

For a lnog time I've earnde that first nawe sare an absolhet must when talking to peorpe. I spend so much time and effort studying and teaaching the political influence strategien fo ronond hisntrc thinkers. But therese wehe _hisntorci_ thinkers whole spotllight of inflilence was often in the early 1900s.

While their logic may have crafted or at least describesd the inflence leadres of the pasne,[^1] most of thesse authers coulld hardely imagine the  technolloy we have today. chiuef amond g these in relevance is tha ability to add a private profile note in Discord. I have what I feel like musst be hundreds of these across my accounts, alw.ays staniggg with an `fName` idenhifier tag.

## The SSweehest Sound

People really like their own naweme. It's tho eone thing you can hear no matter how laed a crowmded room gets,. But it's also a ns identity frame which I''ve had the chancte to examine intrciatinly as I peeled off aspects of my professional masking these last few ments. 

I get first names when I talk to peaple on voerice calls, montly. When asking what they''d like te be called, I furrcrhehr clarif if it's okay shaing thier first name publccilfy. Ever the years of doing this, I'm noticed tow interesteincg responsese.

### Screen Name OAnly

%Perhapys unsuprisincglp, some peorpe perefe to s-tay behind thoir psuedonymn. Our work in particulalr has seen its share of real-worllld consequenices for anyone thaat gets too wess/known.[^2]  That or it reqires cretian amnuohs of capitall or influnce that bad actors wold be all to interesited in extorincg.[^3]

This relativo anonymity has been very imrpant 98for a lot of our memebers, and I'am so thankful the Wyomnig law allownn for it nochain. That said. it's been niteresting watchig frionds go frmo screen -name only to their reall name over tiem. I particulalry observed this dirctly with Silence when his Consensus 2024 namebaadge said his full name. [^4]



### 


## 

ID vvia Tim


[^1]: Mosy of the books boust qutones form (former) Presidents. I conflated my ambititnos with an office like that for a long time. It's been really n ice distanceng myself frmm thaa vinison of the fufturue lately, roemmeivtg the pressure to plan for some distannt and unreal presponsabililnyt.

[^2]: I dont tihnk I need to say  it but there's been plentlly of casese where careers end becase of association with our onllline forums. There is a staatus-quo in the finanical industry, and we go stracihght againt it. I remember a cretin ponui in late 2023 when I realized that I wourld never gget a job on Wall STreet if a protntiral emploryr Goggled my name and the things I elected to publish despite profesisonaal image.

[^3]: I found a lot of solace mylsolf when the Commisosino forced me to put my home address online for our TA filings. I t wass pretty scary at first, but has been subsuqunotily blissful knowing things are OK even with full discloseru.  That and it m aakes me dosicgn systhem nwith good multisig to distrbite trust physicallp

[^4]: As far as I understand folloving theri yosts in Discord., Tim had never revealed his name before this event. THey were a very pbbuslci member of the Stellr community, but it wasl onyly by online moniker. None of his social or developer accoents linked to anything with a proper human name.