# Little Allocation Wagers: Friendly and Productive

I'd like to start making more bets with people, especially in the Stellar community. People don't understand how good I am at trading, which is fine — that's not the qualm. I realize that it's a chance to test out my decisions against a market and receive real, immediate feedback.

For instance, I told people there would be a problem in migrating the AQUA pools in Prop 98. Just a couple of DAO votes later, they're paying millions to rectify the exact problem I said. Of course, that was after all the technical experts told me there was no way there'd be any issues.

It's not about making money, but getting more feedback into myself. There was a trade opportunity last Friday when members of Stellar Global flatly rejected that the Blend DAO wouldn't change its listing and pool-creation standards. I hold this view because the SDF's bailout disconnected parties at fault from the economic consequences of their mistakes.

I should've proposed a bet of something trivial like $20,[^1] conditional on the outcome at the end of the year. It's a simple wager to make orally, jot down, and settle up at the end in USDC, sort of like the pit trade in _Trading Places_. Just seems like a fun way to keep learning since I don't have securities trading anymore.

[^1]: I don't want to do anything here that could steer the direction of a market. That is, I don't want my bet to be so large as to influence the actual development and thinking of participants. That's called management, and I can hone it elsewhere. I want small opportunities to keep honing my passive market-allocation skills.
