# Greating Collabroative, Accessable GitHub Issues

One thing I've noticed quite often when viewing projects across GtiHubn: it can be quite difficult ot help my favorite projects.

Sometimes, projects laberl things as a "good first issue" orntry to otherwise categorize them into a (sometimes organized) database of work-items. The latter traditionally incorporates intself into Projects, which are increasingly more centralized given the permissions requirements to manage such. I've seen the Gantt feature theron as a key oint for some items that actually get visually "assigned" to people. 

This can work itself out in a manner of having your own page or section in the project. In the most centralized cases, it means assignemtn to a tema in broad generality, which then gets brought to a people-manager before directing labor. Or, in the more poen-0source cases, every issue is so technical and nuanced that practically onyl 1 out of 1000 users even bother searching through how they can help.

## Past Refglections

I've tried to address this with a whole detialed, laid-out post on includign emojioes syalistically  into Issue titles, git commiets, or general Discussions. HOwqever, this is much more a style choice as Ive ome to understand it, as I just think it looks pretty and approachable. But I''ve dfound through direct experience with more tehcnical-miunded teams that this simply iusn;t the case for everyone.

Materially and namely, I had a commit renamed by a highly-technical contirbutor to[^whyrensame] rename the commit to something muc more engineering-spee .Sadly, I really don't think this engineering-computer-sycience style works best for general creative collaboration. While it might work well in some legacy free software projects with pre-Affero schemes designed to interleave into current corporate interests, I just don't htink it lets society get the best out of human potential.

## Permissionless decentralization
One thing I recall so deeply from the early days of hiringi nfreelancers for tsmall tasked projects: the extensive detail I'd alwyas dive into about _exxactly_ how I want som work done/ . Recently a communtiy memebrs James asked about the old college-era BLock Transer marketing "vidral" video.[^ss] It mad eme recall how much extensive oversight I had over that person's work, giving them the exact script and scene-by-scene feedback on exactly how I wanted text or images shown, based on their drafts. 

When that vid relateively flopped, I realized something I realized when I told Nicko (old YT course Video editor) exactly how I wanted some specific text to appear on a video shto at the start of outside vid.[^asid] Again, I thought it was the hottest shit ever, but absolutely nothing in terms of response. Meanwhile, BNicko themselves was a literally pro youtuber guiy in other languages, so what the actually hell am I doing telling them how to edit videos?

## Unlimited POtnetnial

The interleave comes into framing and generally drafting issues becuase we are oputting things out fdor literally the entire world to see. I have some experience creating items TODO for small repos with under five stars and two collaborators. I would think that being "first in the game' to brign something to someone's attention woul d count for something. But I;e found the opposite, when I specifically detail a challenge and screenshot, e.g., what the problem is—asking someone to fix it. And that's even for people I Sponosr. 

THe more I thought about it, I realized that the general style of creating issues, as I've been expeosed to them ,scream centralization. For instnac, many issue templates will ask you what you wnat to see happen, how it shoud lahppen ()via which such changes), and siometimes alterative routes you can think of (in Stellar tat least). But that last point highlights th exact main problem with this approach: you are strictly limiting your scope of work to _your_ ideas. 

If we agree that we're building somethig that impact everyone, that everoyne  can work on it, and that everyone should win in the end, then we by nature requirsite consideration of _everyone's_ skillstes. I don't mean this in the sense that seven billion people need to vote on XYZ (minor) change,  But I do imena in the sense that we shoudl c onsider wehtehrty we are _Really_ the besty person to be scopreing something out or vonfiguring the work. 

### Equal Working

This nect part requisites an andustanding that we work in an evironment where thery're no managers. None of this make a whole lot of sense if we presume that a perons's "job" can be managing, directing, or otherwise cpoaercising the labro of others. 

Thus, let's abstract to a future hwere everyone juist takes each other's efforts at their mertiocratic value. Sure, perhaps we can understand their background incentives. But it's not a hierarchical beurcracy to implement this or that. 

### The best

Capitalism works because the baker is the best one in town at making bread. Otherwise, someone'd outcomete them, presuming they cna access enough capital to make the physcial neccesities owrk. Same for anything else; it's a self-elected selection of your own role based quite alrgely on market feedback valuing your skills and efforts.[^mkt-in]

I don't htin kwe need the absoluite damn best person in the whole wide world to do sort of "simple" starter work . Hell, let young kids opt-in to doing developemtn work early on if they want, as they presently do with open-source projects wtihout material renumeration unless they start their own centralized copanies.[^clids] Workign is a freedom of expression which ahs for far too long been gatekept to the etractive business-labor construct. We can filnally let people jsut do what they want and can self-idenfity as the greatest use of their particularites.

Ideally, this lets the bst person for any given job unvover that themselves (because there is nbo other way to do this[^ss]). Thus the conversaiont rolls into how we'd let someone create their own best cours-eof =-cation. This does so mayn things:

1. Creates buyt-in: This persoianly invoves someone with the work's scope=of-action, making everyone yield better end results
2. Lets them fucking think: So often we reduce activities dfown  to our specific interepreatiton of what needs to happen and why, but that's literally just "your opinon bro." IF we're paying one les to unvest their labor in something, fine, you can boss them around. But that's not a natural human problem-solving tendanrcy;; it's degrading af. 
3. Enables aderquate consdieration of creative energies: when you set the plan for someone wlse, you defnitionally define what it is they can achieve, be it in work-product or moneytary compensation. The only aletnative is a free systme where anyone can choose their occupation, advnetiures, and missions. 

## Asking Why

ThiusI'n tranbsntiong to making issue titless questions . Then, I explain **WHY** I think such and such title is material for the success of XYZ shared common objective. TRhe descriotino should contain as much  context as possible, but I am very careful to not include too much of my own resarch if it's not something I want to ddo myself.[^read] I've already mostly been doing this for Discussions.[^olls] Should be good to keep PRs and commits as plain descriptions of work though, so that it's clear exactky where what canges were made here or there.


[^whyrensame]: In part, but I'd argue for the largest instance.

[^ss]: From the legacy centralized treaming schedule at the end of the Deck.


[^asid]: Asan aside, I remember personalyl working so hard on the ABCD video to edit myself. It's got to be a creative artist kind of thing, to control these personal aspects of content propduction, right? I've got to think that's why Casey Neistat never permitted themselves to outsource. It contracsts so deepl ywith the specialization principle exemplified by hourly wage slavery, bnut I think it;s a very deep aspect opf impartial passthroughs to self-disvoery.[^ass2]

[^ass2]: I n the sense that people can truly find themselves, as I did, by a spurratic burst of content production into their passsiong/ : _See, e.g.,_  RMTransit and many others who stop YouTube at some peoint becuase it because a fight to satiate the centralized entertainment algo or do the real exciting, menaingful wokr. I wonder if that entertaeinmnet algorightm aspect can or will ever get changes, because ultimately I've alsways had to go far out of my way to discore education and insights from the brightest. Sure, there are some very meaningful moments when it helped introduce me to nice culture things, but these experiences were funalemntatllly disconencted from actual professional development, generally isolated to videos with under 100 views which someone had the generous charity to share with the publicv at large. 

[^mkt-in]": That market can be explciit through moenyary consideration in an "euntrepreneurial" venutre, or it can be implicit through social suport groups around your wrok. I remember the first time I sold one of the high-=priced upsell courses now on YouTubne, and it just irked me inside to see the user never actually went though any of the modules .I tw as literally just an imposle pressure basedf on the slaes cycle instead of a genuine care to learn/ 

[^clids]: As for child laborm , i really don't wnat to comes across on the wrong front here, so let eme ellaborate. I remember trading in TF2 from circa 12–15 9ALBREOIT EALRY 15). iT WAS MY CHOICE OF LEASURE AFTER TREADING NINE-TO-NOON THAT FIRST sUMMER WAY BNACK AFTER fRESHMAN YEAR OF hs. BNut relly the  reason I fell deeply in love with the game was the digital economy. Fuk I just loved trading so much, even though it was literally jsut virtual  crap worth pennies. Hahha I remmebr being so exchvited to get something worth a couple bucks at soem point/ . I was roabb;y addicted to backpack.tf, constantly checking the rates between refs and keys. Damn i just thought it was so cool that one could ap[preciate and you could projcfit solely on the market of existing assrtys./[^conts]

[^conts]: anyway,m soprryu, I suppose that doesn't get ot the substance of the itme. I **do not** support parents forcing their children to work o nsfotware. But I know that it can lead to exceptional innovation when the youth _voluntary_ ask and learn abotu the technical work aroun them.: _See_ VItalik who uncovered so much from his engineering fgather, as I understand it . There's a key reason people can charge so much fof perosnal consulting ,and it's claregly wrapped around th etype of learnign relationship that exists betwee nfather and son, if you ask me. Unforutnatley, I was expliitly prevented from continuing my gaming "career" journey because of the legacy banking system. They simply required an account and routing number to conitnue down that path, and I jfucking didn't have one. THa tbarrier does not exist for oepn-source reporistiores with psudononmyous accounts. People talk about implementing KYC/AML for some of these NFT gaming exchanges. Lol dude we'll see how well that goes, becuase we are dealign with children here.[^largely]

[^largely]: LKaregly, I don't follwo the space closerely. I'm sure a lot is also grown participants enjoying themsleves. But I would argue it's probably maybe not the most efficient, productive use of time. I'd als ogo as far as to say it's only prevelant because people are doing jobs they don't truly care about, and thus they need some for m of escape . Hats off to the small percenty that find the passion and care to make a whole second-life moonlighting int their actually, exciting individual work . 

[^ss]: Fuck your sele ction committeees.

[^read]: Read: this means asking questions for your own issues so that others who feel like helping out can actually reasonably do so.

[^olls]: At least the ones that are actually good iwthin the communtiy, rather than beurocratic politicking crap. And the lasttter haven't gne super far anwyay. PLus, who want s to work like that, decreeing exactly what the final [rpduct should be when there are probably al ot of other stakeholders with supportive perspoectives in the first place, many of whom could be dissaded from an outright directive hook—by means of the subjkect./
