I'm  at a  pretty important corrsorad,s and I just  can't get a bit of work done until i knl down a little bit ofwhat's going on right now. asically, mt  efforts are become extremely centralizied. I am pushign  everytthign hard to  the redline and it's producing exceptional output and comprehension at the cost of my  sanity.

There  is an imepending lght ahead with response  from the Commission next workreer. It won't be the end of things, much rather the  start of  singifincant newfound documentation efforts. But it will be the  teriminus ending  of all  my mental speculation. 

I've been trying to find the time  to sync upp my phsycial notes for three straight weeks, but I just keep going head-first  into the immediate life-or-fdeath  politicking work. I'm done with new relations, but I sitll need to wrap up the ties I'vve been working on all these years. We'll get the results needed for the ocmmunity and jump from them as a springboard into the hardcore asynchonous 9relxing) engineering.  

## One  thought IU've had

Can  I  have  a  centralized r4esposnability to develop ecentralized systems.  Could  my role be to centrally  coordinate  governance and operating systems designed for distribtion? Distribution is such  a far goal from  decentralization  that  it sets a bar.

OI wnt to reach  that bar.  I  want the highest quality system configered here, becuase i  know  that  the foudnign  (centralized)  efforts  (among our small  group)  will  stand  as  the foundaiton  ffor the most important  tower.  I refuse to watch  it lean comes armaggeden (with material  layereing  built o n  top by  intdepdnent a ctors)  becuase we  refused to  dig all  the way  to bedrock.

But  man, I;;ve benmever gone so deep on anyhting in my life. Fuck me,  this is                              ... _wehvw!_ I recall this feelign  from AP Chem in high school, and I'll remit  that  story for connection

## Checmistry[^1]

[^1]: I find the subject slighyl thumerous since K is a practicing chemist. I  thougth it was sorta cool she was stuyding i t hwen  mwe met because of the clear 'deficincy' (if you can call it  that) evidenced in  the story.  Liek a missing mpuzzle pierce

 I signed up for all AP courses in junior year (and others0 becuase ovbviously  whhy not. I also ran cross-country and track for hte duration fo this year, which related becuase the CHemicstry teacher was the wife of  my  coach who taughtg AP stats., Bullshit  GaTech  class  scheduling had me taking stupid business statistics freshman year becuase it  was  the o nly class avaliable  to fit  my  schedule, so I wasted it away desiging marketing microsites  on ClikcFunnels.

 I worked really  hard  in Ap Chem just like  all  my other classes, but it  had the unfortnatie timing of being right awaound when the market opened, as lamented in the INventure characterization intro.  And, um... I'm sotrry but the stock market comes first.  At least  it did back then, where I woul,d literally  make phone calls for trades in the middle of class, which eventually landed me in detention and repeataive hot waater.

 Notwisthsating,  I migrated ot hte  back  of hte class and kept charts  up  on  my school-prodivded laptop vis-a-vi Yahoo FInance. [^1a] It  was fun, but I still did all the class thigns like labs and nottaking. I made up for  intermediate attention through studies and homework later on to the best of my ability.

 [^1a]: I bet it owul;d;ve been  a lot  more fun with tradingview. I literally  didn't  even consider it for anyhting otuside of crypto until $GME. i  was always deffernetial to brokerage desktop software platforms, since you get native trade execution links.

 While I haventt' kept my  high-school trasncripts handy, memory werves that i wound up with a B in therre. I sorrt of let my  grades slip after junior year because it wouldn't show up on college a pplications,  adn I started realizign  how redicilous  central hierarchal  educaiton was once I began writing the manuscript.  And I never  had a C.[^1bb]

 [^1bb]: My first B was junior year in AP English ( I find it ironic) where I accidently  runed in the same essay twice. The prof assigned  two sizable reports with the  same due date, and I mistakenly / printer error / probably still my fault printed  one essary twice despite writing both.  When  I went to physcially  tunr them in, I realized  mmy mistake and asked to email the PDF, to no avail—tanking my  grade for the year s with  a horrible (significant) grade. That also started showing me the  redicuklousness  of centralized rules strictly enforced  with  no roof m  for even basic prelimaary  human judgement (I offfered to immeidately email the PDF), which I s one reason I appreacie  the staff  examineer functionality.

Because  I tried so hard (and a lot of test ocrrections),  the teacher gifted me a AP Exam study manual .  For those fnot fmaialir, the AP chemcistry exam  is notoriously challenging,  with  the lowest (Afaik)  rate of  high schores (<15% compared  to  40–60%  for  4+ iirc) among standardized final extesting. So i studiec it hard alongside class material s  for everythign I vcould muster coming up to graduation.

I did  well on my o ther classes. I could chekc, but I  don't realyl  care. IT  was enoguh to get  at least two college credits, but  for soem reason GaTech didn't take  my 5  on stats,  so I jsut took a test  to get out of the class in a prof office there.[^2]

[^2]: Well actualyl that was psychology, wehre i politcked my want into a s ingle-student exmaination  despite never takign AP psycchology. I had jsut learend so much a bout it for trading  that,  combined with excellaent normal psychology  perfomrance at the only class  offered i n  hgih shcool,  I could easily  breezae through thier questions . The ap one was held  in the  same room  as a nroam lstats final exam packed  with  students,  and it  invovled quick  te  a bit  more  politkcing  ot  sit for lol.

Depsite  my  besst  efforts,  I got a  3 on the exam, which is supposedly prety goot (again like top 80% is the band here). But GaTech only acepted 4s  or 5s,  so I  had the joy during covid of taking literally  trhe exact same  class  over again for  the small costs  of many t housands  of sollars to  my parents.  That  was  such  as stupicd waste  of time that  i really checked  out o f  school  from that poiont  forward knowing hor wredicvuolus this crap was to  get   a centralized piece of paper for what?

Often  these things  take  time., I know we're getting  over a lot of hurtles set up for  the Sydnicate  since day one. I appreciate the progress and iour chance to lead the new infdusrtyr together in  a form dedicated to  collaboration over literal theft.

 ## Effecting Productivity

 Look, i don't knwo what o ther singular innovators do to leep themselves gooing. But i just feel completley overloade  with the massive recent stimulation to get more out befforre looming deadlines. Central decalines effected by those runversed  in async 

 I don't even whoknow whether to  classify it  as work, life, or  teams anymore. Hell, I'm  at the point that I seriosuly contemplated (after hours and hours of strenous work depoleting my mental energy) what  it'd be like  to have an office bulding I could put all  my computer stuff and jsut  leave  at the end of the  day so that I ccould mentally seperate myself from  thinking requirements at ngiht. Of ocurse that  was well itno the eearly morning.

 It's too much between  the coffee, loud music at the gym, and lack of food. I need to and will stake a material break once the dust settles on this Commission worik. Consider this my OOO notice, because the small weekends we've  had just aren't  enough.

 
