# Goal

I desire $7,000,000,000. I agree to give masses of people real savings and retirements in exchange for the money I desire.

I intend to possess the money I desire by April 29, 2031. I am carrying out my desire by creating an online broker that combines traditional equities, bonds, and (crypto)currency markets in a decentralized system that rewards independent money managers, allows everyone to easily invest, opens active trading to the world, and helps replace existing banking systems.


# Digitizing

I know I said I’d start making these digital, but I wasn’t entirely convinced by the recent series of blog-like reflection posts I did. In fact, I started this whole reflection day on pen and paper, for reasons I’ll try defending next. I got to my goal and the first sentence of the next bit after material challenges with a pen.

## Transcribed Statement

The small bit I had was about how I appreciated the miracle that things I build, own, or learn can last decades, if not more. Of course, it was right after the “can last” part that my pen started dying on me again.

I was struggling with it the whole morning, trying to make it work. I have a compartmental fountain pen, so I put in a new cartridge—only to see it squirt ink but fail to write. As I recall, there might be some old lint stuck in the tip, but it’s invisible to the eye if it’s there. I have another pen from graduation. Mom got it because it has the GaTech emblem. But I just can’t bring myself to use that one.

I have another standard fountain pen with a nice body. In an effort to preserve tradition, I tried to use that one. But its refillable cartridge was empty. I tried to open the ink bottle to refill it, but the lid was stuck tight. Hurt my hand a little trying to twist it open.

## Change

That ink bottle was from Paris. I remember the incredible time we went there with Dad. Most of all, I remember the incredible transit system that got us around.

I don’t recall when they invented rubber-wheel trains, but I’m sure it wasn’t like that at the start of the metro. Similarly, it might just be that we can lay a framework like taking this time today to reflect, but we can also change the stylistic minutiae of following that path—be it handwriting or typing.

In a perfect world, there’d be no disconnect between our thoughts and digital encodings. Maybe one day, but until then I certainly appreciate the time to contemplate my diction.

## Therapeutic Effect

I hope (and feel starting out) that this medium maintains the therapeutic effect of reflecting. I know I’m making a bunch of typos, but it’s simple to run it through an LLM after. Talk about something I wouldn’t have expected to write a few short years ago.

The mind is really incredible, and it’s borderline miraculous what it can do with the right technology. I really see social progress on an exponential curve now that the means of production, education, and organization are decentralizing to the edges of society, away from the traditional elite. And man does it feel good to have that economic reward for work you did all on your own—maybe more on that later.

My mind has been quite clear and at peace lately. It’s only when I’m straying from my path and goal that I cease. But it’s been more challenging to enter deep blankness lately, thinking about the many things happening.

This day was really due months ago, but it’s just been such a workload moving my whole life and bringing the community up to Web3 speed. And even transitioning to a full appreciation of these needs for decentralization myself.

As soon as I start making money I really need to donate some old clothes to slim down my wardrobe. Ditto for a lot of things that just need to go. I try so hard to live a minimal life and keep the focus off material surplus. But it’s just quite difficult to throw away otherwise junk when I know I can’t afford a replacement to the glasses I broke while picking up and loading that old washing machine. Lol, that thing went on quite the journey.


# Tangible Work

The biggest things that have been keeping me up are all the pending advancements. 

## Global Inclusion

I learned and lean pretty heavily into the American semantics because, frankly, I appreciate the system. It’s something I grew up with that might not be perfect in every way, but it’s certainly created a pretty damn efficient society in every way I’ve seen. There are still a lot of physical structure organization opportunities that I really want to explore later in life through Procyon.

## Stellar Docs

I remember the IBM interview talking about how helpful the dev docs were for her and the team. I can’t agree enough with her sentiments, and that’s why I care so deeply about making an exceptional product. Open, collaborative writing like this is how you can create the best knowledge bases to decentralize the understanding of anything really.

One thing I struggle with a lot is how much context to provide and what kinds of bias that context could skew a reader towards if there are differing viewpoints. I think sticking to primary sources can help with this, but even then you can ignore other sides of a topic, even if by accident. It’s a balance, and I think that’s what perpetual editing by other interested and differing parties helps solve.

I remember first reading about the process to issue an asset (was it in 2021 or sometime before?). And from there it really just solidified my appreciation for SCP.

Slightly off topic, but it was crazy for me to see how the network got bootstrapped out of SF mini pitch accelerators. Like to think that something so grand now was just an idea amongst a select few a decade ago—wow. And even then BTC was precisely that for Sassaman.

## Innovators

If these pioneers can come from anywhere, then it’s incredible to imagine what a future could hold where they have a fair stage to compete. An environment where capital isn’t an extractive, controlling concern, but an emboldening, empowering asset. Wow, talk about sentence structure here.

Why must we weigh down these innovators with the burden of external profit justifications? Should there be certain basic degrees of money you must pass to access the market? Would you ever get a Bezos funded today without the seed traction from his parents?

It just seems like the present capital system leaves far too much up to chance, preexisting status, and general opinionation. I wonder deeply and persistently what a new system based on merit might look like. God, I think it would just be so much better.


# Incentives

Per recent events, it seems like incentives are a stellar way to predict how complex social systems, like a stock market, will react.

## For Creatives

As I look back, the core premise of MonerAds really revolved around rewarding good writers. Sure, it was through a roundabout middleman-centric style of newspaper publishers. Back then, I didn’t understand the immense problems of digital intermediaries. But still, the core of the startup was getting money to publishers without advertisements.

I remember in 7th grade setting up a little online form for the math club. I put Google ads on it, and it was probably my best day ever when I got everyone to click ads for "hot Russians" so that I made $60. It was devastating when they decided to ban me and not pay out that money.

Possibly before then, but certainly since then, I’ve despised online advertisements. I certainly think it contributed to why I never went all in on selling the whole "Nine to Noon" funnel.

### Brunson Style

I appreciate the Brunson style because it generally recommends distilling all your teachings into a comprehensive book. While books might be the hardest to make, according to him, they certainly seem to have the most value in condensing information into a quickly-digestible medium (especially with audiobooks). The conundrum for me is that you effectively lie to all your fans thereafter. You tell them that you have “even more secrets” if they’d just join your $500 bootcamp, $5,000 seminar, etc.

I won’t argue this from the distribution cost standpoint, because creating is materially difficult. But I will point out that this old model doesn’t seem to apply now that the distribution costs of YouTube bring sharing this content much more in line with the web’s hypertext printing press.

### Web3 Model

Accordingly, if we can agree that the guru route can be overtly extractive, then how about direct subscriptions? This is better. It lowers the cost for each participant and ideally becomes much easier to sell. The big conundrum from my point of view is that producing this sort of content basically necessitates payment either beforehand or fairly rapidly after publication. The parallel is a book forward or new release tour.

These are all fine, but they force the valuation scale toward popularity over substance. I don’t think a substantive work should need to be popular to receive just compensation. But basically, the only way to tell if something is good or not is to read it in the first place. And the only way to read it before you pay for it is an Amazon sample at best (and just reading the whole thing in a store at worst).

I’ve done both, and I just don’t think either option gives you a comprehensive understanding of whether or not the work will further progress toward my goal (like I’d get by skimming the whole thing quickly). The free-rider problem here is scary. It’s extremely challenging to think about giving all your work away for free (and hoping for some kind of payback later on). I remember how closely I guarded my manuscripts before I understood the power of community.


# Gratitude

Lately, I've been extremely thankful to a lot of people who shaped my thinking, guided my life, or just care for me.

Also, I’m so incredibly thankful for the unbelievably fortunate series of events that led to my life today. I remember when Faith Saline mentioned GameStop at the start of InVenture completely off-script. Well, at least the script I knew.

It completely caught me off guard, as I really barely followed or knew of it until then, outside of understanding it had mainstream media attention. And even after the event, it was years until I circled back to GME and understood the whole corruption at play.

I appreciate so much that hook-in from her, the blatant repeated denials of accounts from US Bank, and the strange but fortunate brief early discussions with Cormac Kinney.

I think having a smidge of belief from someone you really respect can easily light a flame from the spark of a latent passion. I still remember how ecstatic I was when I looked at his profile one day. Then, in a Vlad study group, he added me out of the blue and asked for us to help with his fund offering. It was a validation signal directly from the market beyond description, given how immensely early it was back then.

I hope I can give that experience to some of our community members.

## Online

I’ve really appreciated the artistic publications of VyletPony, Pegboard Nerds, and Tristan.

I’m also happy to see what Ross Cameron has done with introducing more quality free education.

## Life

I really appreciate my family, Kayla, and everyone that’s not around anymore. Recently, everyone has been so supportive of me, despite the economic reality that my startup has never really made money.

On family specifically, they never gave me funds or anything to pay for the roof over my head, and I really appreciate that. It’s shown me just how messed up housing is, having to pay so much from my trading profits. And it’s lit a fire for me to equalize these injustices.

## Outside

As always, I’m astounded by the incredible contributions to society from independent, self-motivated, and genuinely altruistic people like Dr. Susanne Trimbath, Lucy Komisar, and Chives.

In the Stellar ecosystem, it’s been incredible to see a lot of tremendous ongoing work from Silence, ArrienteDev, and Bri Wilde. I hope Bri, in particular, looks more into the 2014-2015 network restart and consensus migration history.


# Decentralizing Labor

It seems like we’re on the precipice of a new digital age where permissionless innovation, working contributions, and ideological capital allocation work their way down to the edges of legacy social hierarchies. To think what can happen now that we all have effectively the same toolset as a modern public CEO—it amazes me daily.

## Endgame

It’s not like I think permissioned work will go away. Apple still makes pretty nice proprietary software, even though the world would (as a societal whole) arguably be better if OSX was open source. But of course Wall Street won’t allow that, so fine. There will still be people working there on their “secret” projects for quite some time, and that’s okay.

But it’s the flip side of the coin that really needs more economic incentive. I remember an interview from Mark Shuttleworth about ten years into starting Canonical. He was asked if he had seen commercial success or viability from Ubuntu. His answer clearly showed that the consideration received was extensively minimal, but they keep at it anyway because it’s just an incredibly important tool for all.

If we can combine that passion, which I wholeheartedly believe grows from permissionless education, with capitalistic incentives, I know some incredible things can happen. If we combine these incentives with permissionless education, as was the case with Bill Gates learning to code, well, I think we all know the philosophies that breed. It’s these foundational years that are so key to enabling the next generation to build arguably the greatest society based on open, transparent, and collaborative principles—not a select few metrics picked by Wall Street and taught in the joke of business school.

As an aside, I think it’s pretty cool that Gates does these reflections as a multi-day forest excursion. That sounds really nice. Yay trees!


# Bad Words

When I designed the BT account ID generation scheme, I explicitly added a check for bad words in base58 alpha air. This seemed important since the account ID was meant to be a permanent pseudonymous resolver (and still is per privacy implications of public keys at the present understanding of technology today). I just don’t think people should live their life with a derogatory label over them.

## In Diction

This has led me to think quite extensively about using curse words in my ongoing diction. Particularly, I remember the first time a group of friends from my investment class heard me say a bad word. They were shocked, thinking I never had the capacity to do such a blasphemous thing.

It was fairly humorous to me because of my background with the language. Briefly, I picked them up as everyone seems to during middle school (at least the serious ones). I remember saying something dirty on the way to school with my Dad one day. Gosh, I wish I remembered more drives to school with him. He was quite upset by my use of the word, which is kind of like telling your daughter how much you disapprove of her boyfriend, in my opinion.

It spurred since then because I thought it made me look cooler, and by the end of middle school, I even got out of the “lower echelons” of “nerds and geeks.” I don’t know if that was transformative for me, but it was certainly inspirational, giving me the social confidence to start working out halfway through freshman year of high school. And then that led to Subway and everything else.

[^pb]
[^pb]: Again, stellar work on the Dr. T interview. Small FYI: I’d happily move my sponsorship over to GitHub (where you keep 100% of money collected incl. card fees)

## Free Language, Free Markets

But all this really boils down to the principle of individual sovereignty and decision freedom. Trying to restrict people from doing this thing because it is probably demonstrably bad for society is just not really going to work. Just like people can work on whatever they want in their free time, there’s really no stopping them from x, y, or z—especially after the Supreme Court labor contract noncompete was deemed unconstitutional.


# On the Constitution

Is something like the Constitution ever really finished? We see all these amendments, amendments to amendments, and power delegation schemes à la branches. Part of the question for me becomes “what is democracy” in an outright and stern sense?

I think the point of democracy was decentralizing power. It was opening up governance opportunities to the lower class so that social mobility might exist in other parts of society. As I understand this vision, mobility was thus something to be strived for. It was a tangible social good across the globe.

## Corruption

Really, where things started to break down, if you ask me, was political donations. Now you can create this, that, and the other law banning donations, but they are always going to happen no matter what so long as governors are not anonymous. I hesitate to even put pseudonymous there because I can't think of a pseudonymous system where you can’t “donate” to someone by sending them some value. See, for example, Vitalik sending scams to `0xDeaD` (I forget the capitalization).

## Developing Work

I think one of the reasons our nation has such a global advantage was because of when the Constitution was written. Sure, we can say that it was just a session to preserve power and wealth for the richest Americans at the time. But I think it’s fairly naive to say that wisdom is not at least weakly associated with knowledge. And thus it makes sense that the knowledgeable of society (and by extension history) might draft these principles.

More to the point, these drafters wanted absolute control, so to speak, through Federalism. And it was precisely the decentralized democratic input from all citizens (or at least the reasonably educated ones in New York) that forced them to add a Bill of Rights.

While I do not understand to any material extent the founding documents of other nations, I think we had a unique opportunity when writing these statements because we were the first ones, by my understanding, to declare independence from the place where we came from. And so it was under the context of unwarranted governance (without representation, as in the case of a foreign nation taxing local products) that the document (which we can all generally appreciate Kenny stole from Constitution DAO) came to be forged.


# Selling Ideas

The salesperson’s job only exists because the underlying is not sold at cost + X, where X is a percentage in which satisfies (0 <= X <= 9). This is what I consider the range of possible margins extractable from a public good.

I wonder what the rate is for public utilities in America (public as in stock market). Namely, I believe wholeheartedly that distributed ownership of utilities allows for the minimization of bloat waste commonplace in cost-plus business contracts.

By empowering specifically the end-users with equity stakes in the organization itself, this decentralized group ought to be able to prudently stamp out waste, inefficiencies, etc., while promoting innovation, public policy, and more (e.g., turning off coal plants, adding emission capture systems, etc.).

While all this should happen naturally, the egress of political influence to consolidated holders seems too pertinent an enemy to defeat, wielding only public sentiment.

## Early Electric Utilities

I remember reading about Insull giving away electric home appliances to people for free. It made me think of airdrops and free research (in the sense of an author clearly expecting something in return for attention to their work). It’s not like these new appliances were bad, it’s just that they served a self-centered point at the time they were introduced.

I think this was because the introductions were right on the cutting edge. To imagine an energy firm doing the same today (giving me a free iron) is just silly. Yet in the very early days, when the infrastructure behind the product is unproven (e.g., Ripple consensus mechanism)—well, it seems like a reliable way to seed a network, which is tough.


# RWAs

I don’t think people recognize how game-changing it will be to have real assets on-chain, without the custodial b.s. Like actual true blockchain balances as your bank account, rather than some other tokenization scheme. This is something that’s really not been adopted yet at scale because the oversight function requires encompassing public policy into the root infrastructure stack, which is challenging.

I know a lot of the crypto guys have been hurt by public policy. It sucks, we’ve been there—breaking a law you didn’t know about. It makes you really question the law.

But the answer here is not “violently” departing from the legacy system (KKK), but rather peacefully protesting (MLK Jr.) and intelligently challenging (Brown v. Board of Education) the incumbencies.
