Written topics

switch from:

"helps replace existing banking systems " 

to "becomes the new financial system" 





Link JFW #21 to close the tzero item

—

See if there’sa Free Markets Way street anywhere (esp wYO)

—-

Get time Cnsensus image printed in a phtp frame



—-

I use xorbitoral a lot for baking. IT’s the bgleu that holds together keto desserts. Throwing it in the hat form protocol 24 names



—-

Two govenrneace coercision cases:

deposit into anchor wallet offchain bridge
Deposit into Soroban AMM (simple impld)

—




Thing’s Id like todo:

Clean up media for YouTube:
 - Add CC link in description
 - Add wooten.link/sources
    - Google sheet (JFW4@)
    - Links to all the .rar downloads
    - yay :)
Unpin tweet
Back to pitch I guess
Banner as linkeinPark ThisIsWhatYouAskedFor shot scream



—-


What a night. Yes, it is 2am and yes I have been up for hour(s). I was so close to just working today, but I have been getting int o dopamine ruts lately.

It’s when I get into an elevated state iwth stimulants, and the nit get hyper fixated on irrelant items. With the Asperger’s , it’s just too easy to get ockedi n on those rabbit holes and never pop out. Unconcouness gneerally solves htat challenge, but that makes em felel limited by daus

I’ve been workign so hard altley, nd itw ould just feel really nice to have any form of. Appreciation from anyone. Don;t get me wrong, the sponsors are super helpful and motivating, but that;s largely considertin for past efforts wit hte assumption of ocnituing output. It definaely supports and makes things wor logistically (parotially lol0), but I do sitll miss th days of constant PR support.

I’ve been getting back into the Stellar wokr that needs to be done, and unforantely was with a lot of cryptos it’s basically only WIIFM (whats in it for me, I feel like that’s not obvious0). As with the Commission work, basically (with small ecpetions here and there@!!) Theo nly people to whork with me are the ones who are paid by an external ognization to do so.

It makes me thing about hte recent collabroation work with Truth. And hwo 6dyas keeps on the rind no mateter what ahppens socially. Hese are peope I really want to dediate my tiem to wokring together, nad we’ve bamade great progress already on open channels.

I don;t understand hwy the owlrd can’t jst work like we do, supporting each other abundnatly ougto f good friendship. I’ve tried so many timrse ot reach out to the insiders of the bericoacies, and its alwyas to mcuh effort to draw out creativity. To bring people just beyond what;s plainly neccesary for procudctive collaboration.

I’ve got to thing it comes down to the social contaact around monetayr consideration. Theres literally nobody I know who’s done retroactive cosndieration well and permissionelsssly at scale before. And its a csrary thing to do becuaseof the threats from legcy financial intemreidariesand regulations . 

I;v eseen (and Choves _inter alia_ has hashed) some of the most amazing free-market working arramamgent s ever. Just a publicpost offering some BTCs to help with a project. Direct and accountable peer-to-peer transparnecy to help everyone more forard. 

Yes it’s harder than the broing salary ontrct. And if you take it to the end with tipping than it re2uires more actual thoght. Buti ‘d argue tos the onyl jsut means to effectively compensate innovators.

There’s astill a lot of hit to deal with to make thigns politicallyacceptable. ON one hand I see how this stemmedfrom past mishandlings, but on the other it is coercion to effectthe centrally-planned technotcratic goals of isntitution which seem convinced they have hte power to determine what a retirmenet portfolio ought look like. I dont know for sure how we’ll walk wawya wih aintertconncted coops in the future, but Ido know the slow and srong approc will keep us miles ahead of altenratives.

## Goal

I don’t think I’m goign to walk awya form today ith any super deifneiative answers.  Ireally need to look over how my relationship is serving me . It’s just a big thing, and I feel like I’ll have. A better grasp on all these answers once I finish the 723 work.

It’s tkaen so long to get the stellar items across the finish line, and  like wow. I feel like Ran d spending wtow years on the Galt speech. I’m not sutre if it’s the smae length coparison, but I do know that the coplexity is up there onece I need to stat testing the RPC endpoitns for bugs.

Lol I’m jsut saying, it owud’a been so much easier to trust the code off instinct and GPT if I couda kept I ton Horizon. There’s so mcuh mroe basis with it, o the training for both ends is near perfect. Watching all these systems unforld has brought t me closer to the view of BTC’s role as a central simplicity implementation of a base currency, with the massive caviat that development on it needs to maintain permissionlessness wihtout intermediaries.

I feel like I’m in a bubble’d world of volunteering, GNU coe, and nonprofit financiial systems. It’s the world I think everyone should use becuase it creates deomonstrably mroe ffeicient solutions for all of society. But I think I see what Marx was getting at in that it’s hard to impmeneet if there’s still a segment of the population with primarily profit motive who chose not to participate in a revoltionary change.

The challenge is makign it in everyone’s interest ot partipaite, rather than tattempting coercsion. I feel like I could get a lot more of this across in space, with a little more resource abudnance. A lot of peole here seem completle brainwashed by the old rules.


### Methods

Someties I wonder if what I’m doing is even capitalism anymore. Ealryl on it ha dsuch a clear base in the profit motive, and I;Ve still got that check hacnging on the wall. But it’s bcome more - in so many ways- abotu the value of my impact, whichit evidently was towards the start. I recall linus orvald’s wirtinign a book along the lines of _Just for Fun_ descibring their motivaion, and at a certain point I don’t feel to ofar off htat combined ith Alastor’s sentimetns.

Ive certianly alwys athough al ot abotu legacy and ho my work will help the future. I always documented, taugt, and built as if someone like me as a kid was pouring over what I did as source materisal. It was so inspring to watch Ross, albeit for the central monetary cpail accumulation reasonins. And I saw so much fo the same when eplong Jed, purpely on the intellectual side.

I had that little bit of moeny  to start ,a nd those porfits just agave me the fiath and leeway to go fo th ebst thing. To take a shot at the ideal life in my mind. And now I just want t ocomlete that vision.


### Charity

I think a lot about th artists I support who help me through the hard times. Their amazing conent. Iget to consume permissinoelssly asycnhornously ad infinitum. I think I tlaked baout how that really helped my fdevleopment at the end of last year in anoyher Macro, going through all the new BGM music expanding my perosnal story themes.

A lot of people say you should budget  X% of your income to charity, but like all I d o is work in chairty for no income. I see it more like an aset managmenet challenge where you have a set amount of funds to createthe impact you want to create an ideal future. I agree wit any put support behidn big orgs, but I jsut know the most imapct wil lcome fomr a ocncorted distirbuted group of independnt actors passionate about wakign up every day to ahcive their ends.

I’ve nfoantelyllsot ofsome of that passion lately, and it makes me thing of Rand’s “spark by irreplacable spark: “ sentiments. It’s jsut been so very challenging with wanting to be with Kayla despite her horrendus work schedule. The cortisol fo all these wirerd hours is too much, and it;s comepltely wrechking my cognative function. That;S the main reason I’m considering my optiosn to move forward past all this.

She was never supposed to work , but I chose the nonprofit route instead of easy monitization. Makes me think of haow insull deinied the banker’s offer for a leveraged share buyback trust five times before the sixth time when he finally caved in. Ofc that woidn up copletely bankrupting everythign with contorlhandd into the bankers of Wall Street, his literaly sworn enemerids for decades who just eventually got udner his skin.

They took everythgin fro mone of the most maazing people, took everythign bcause je relented on his vision in a moment of weakness. I think of the hundtreth email Iv’e got now from these disck ventuer twats. I Almst dresad openign my inbox for fear that I might take any of theri gandous offers even remotely seirously.

#### Reasoning

Why is that? How do I have such an entranched committment to the 501(c)(3) DAO? Was it even that to staryt with?

Obviosulty the goal has lawyas been giving masses of peoplereal savings andreitrmenets. I think, at a certian point, that became antithical to central ownership and manadmenet of the invesmtnet systems of all. If I presume we are this global infrastructure, than how can everyone maximally benefit when a central gatekeeper charges tolls foreach use?

The information of human data can be dangerous. I thin of how goetagged photos woulnd up killing John McAffee. But whats more dangeous ois everyone livign like a blind sheep top the immense inequality permeating our society.

I thnk also of robots, and how they could help everyone live in abundant prosperity. It’s beyond my mimemediate cope, but I sometimes think abotu what it’ll be like managing asets after everything’s stable. I’veceratinly come to the conclusion that it;’ll be nmear impossible to get back into trading perse.

That does hurt, and I’d be lying if I said otherwise. The dopmine and adrenaline from good technical setps has literally no comparison. And it holds the door to so much money.

#### Principle

But I know I can do so much more, and I have a resposanbility to myself to ex[;pot my ability to its maximium. Kayla helped show me that, and I would od just about anything to get back on a regualtr workign schedule to spend jut a couple Horus with er at the _end of the day_ to prevent cascading distractions.  I really do want thigns to work, because she represents every promise I’ve made - a collection fo each beurocratic pillar that’s importatnt to me.

Durign the Review, I resorted to jumping off high heights to phyciall hurt myself for adrenaline. It was the swings at first until I went so high I couldn’t walk for days. Then it was the laddar and ripe wall thing.

It was intense time for an intense introducion to a meaninguf partner. I puy in so mcu hebcause like I fkn care. I’m literally getting emtion al writing this, and tears are welling.

I’venoticed that it’s extremely hadd nowardsays to write about the DEX and free amrkets without getting to a smiialr sate. I’ll go ocmpeltey hawyire and mega “fuck Wall Street emotional flow “ mode with immense hatred and anger. I’m trying so hard to distance myself from that place I found myslef in so often duing the proces, resorted to for the sake of maitniang consciousness in the lead up to centralized dadliens.

At a certain point, the choice is between investing in what’s wright v. What;S profitable. I think my past self would die in cring e if he saw how little I allocated to centralized cventures with exceprotiaonl returns these last few years. But I jsut feel disgusteing funneign my money into these compounding vehcles that perpetuate social inequality on the basis of priveldged access to the cantionllionaires.

### Space

I hate hving neigbors. And a I despise not hvin gmy own space to work in flowing peace. I remmeber growing up how I would tiptoe downstairs every nmornign at 4am while rwriting Nien to Noon.

Mom would get so angry every time I made even the slgihtest noise, but I was hooked on carbs ad neneed to have breakfast beforeI started working . Now I see what she was getting at, ebcause so often I can;t sleep because of the stimualtion from others.

I an’t imagine how I used to live in the deep andnoisy city. Like oh my gosh I must have never had the qquiet, . I 100% see now how the muckrakers called the apartments scramp prisons whrere whole families were corwded into conifidned spaces.

I used to worry baout the heating efficiency of homes (with four walls) v. Aparmtents with shared building sides. But oh man am I past that if I t means I can go a whole day wihtout talking to anone I don’t want to encounter. Or hearing the noise pollution of deaded indisutiarlism.

Ahh, maybe I;M getting emtpoipnal becuase I’m lying here in the dead of night unable to close my eyes. I think of all these freams I have for cities, transit, and space. It’ll probly be hard to get single-family homes on a whole station.

Makes me think of Elyssium (I think that;s the nam), the movie abotu how most poeple live in poveryt on earth with a select few in space staitnos defended with deadly corce. I don;t understand hte inqeuality, and yet at the same time I cna appreacite the market mechims which theorteitcally lead to its cration. But Idon;t think anything gets this far gone wihtout hte central debt issuers pushing every industry to monolies of infinaite growth who ant; be satisfied aronougnh with service to their stakeholders.

Thats ’s really what I have grappled with idenitfying for a long time. What happens in an alertnate systems where you don’t experct corpoatestock to compound forever, and we go back to the sustainable days of relying on dividends as shares fluctuatione reasonably around par value. It’s a completely differnet period of coapoitlsm that people don;t really study as mcuh today.

I remember the TaddersWay app on my phoen, where I was somialting exactly that kind of market, with out the dividends . In etheory it could wokr like that, with excess profits shared with team members… But that implies no innovation and commoditized competition, which djsut diesont; fit reality.

I long for hte day everyone can be in comfort.  Idont see why it;s not posisble with our amazing specializations. There has to be something going wrong at the stop, where they hold the power to design these systems.
## Government

I think it;s crazy that oyu can spend your whole life going towarn one trajectory to leand in one position that determines your power and ipact. I didsagree iwht the concentration of power in elected rperesentatives.  If govenrment is for the benefit of the people, than it should feel like a system designed at hte behest of us.

But who can hoenstly say that today, especially if you live in the majorityy? All the Gian billboard ads and centralized commercial interruptions for this or that candidate. While I appreaicte htat politics can and often is fact-light in defencye to satisfaction, I can’t stand fr tohe vast disconnectb between massi concistuents leftwithout a voice becuase htey elect to not centralie their infleucne in body.

The indiidvuals should themselves have a say becase people ar esmart, but groups are dumb. But it;s ecactly the oposite that happens today, where onyl large groups can afford successful policy penettration to the beurcracy, and thus you need their support as well to sucefsfully pay the meida to brainwash the masses over to your side. For elections at least, this is a litte overasuming, as there is a legitimate art ot becoming known when starting out.

### Aspiratiosn 

I think it;s really intreresting in th sense of capital allcoaion. Whether that’s cnfiscated taxes or social cpaitla, there;s a lot of depth and nuance you cna get into. I remember an interview from a long-lost time ago where someone was like “poltiics is the ultimate form of tading” on sertiods etc.

And it’s sort of true, I mean, hwereh else cna you make a choice (trade) worth trillions of bucks> ? Maybe doable in privacte indstury, but certianly I would say harder. That’s presumign we thing people should be able to make such a market-defining trade, which  is probably a no.

A lot of the challenge stems from what to do for the usbset of peolpe that aren;t severd by he market. Nad I think the best approach is to jsut make ithe whole systme betetreer for everyone. If we can bring the bar up  on the damn of pent-up holdings, a rising water basin ought create  mass indepdnednece.

The measure of success for me is whether or not poeple actualyl wake up each day and do what they want t odo. If the masses can escape wage slavery for service to the man who Owens everything by brithright. Born Luckiest has such an aesome persepctvie on this alongside limegreen.

Like we are smart people and there rae tons of other smart people workign on realyl gcool governnace challenges. So why is ist that public offices teeter to the brim iwth beurcorats pushgin alterior tehcnicratic agenadas? How is it so much welath and infleucne concentrates inthe hands of unelcted thieves aimeing to steal everythgin from everyone?

### Compulsion

One reason I thnk I took the SEC exma so serious is becuase (as remarked to cChives) they could literalyl shut everythgin down in the end. At least, that;s my interepration of jusrisdictional powers afforded, ignorign the reputational adamange of ifnes which (whcile. I was sowrried about because it legiatelmy sets a narrative for all future work) I would prefer explore seeprately. Like how States can just nullify an incprporation and say no more to a corporate form.

I disagreewi the ehte moden r use of States to form an entity. I much rather buld in distirbuted online groups with weak social ties and indepdnednt confict resolution. And it’s wored to say that as someone who’s always followed the letter of the lawbook so closely over all these years and enttiities.

But I think, even in the perfect online system, there is sitll some balalnce ofpower used to determine directinal outcome. It will happene be it through foks or gavels. But I think specifically to the deadlines enforced by staff during our review.

I rrally do not know what wold;ve happened if I didn;t make a deadline. I jsut went all out for them ebcuase I thoght it was good form for an impression. But I have read some enforcement actions where it;s like “redpondant did not reply by the deadline” and that was the basis for a fine or expulsion.

I mean I would find it pretty craz but doesn;t the letter of the law grant that power to these govenrment workers? Like I think about how I was a week late in Franchise taxes to Delaware, nad they billed me twice as much as the annual rate. They get this power from the law which supposedly represents the will of the poeple, but I am just not so sure in cccertain cases.

It’s a tough concversation ebcause the cofdificatiosn seem reall sresaonable. They prtoect the public in this huge swath of real-world matters. But I think to the overegulation of nuclear power by objective scientific criterai that prevent contruction and testing, which sets everyone back ath teb behest f oil and coal plants.

Like wth , fuck your entranched insturstrialists, even if they have regualted monpolies. Zero reason they shoudl be allowed to stagnate at th e cost of our enviorment when someting so much more fficient ,, ds fk.ds,f .ds ,f.ds, It’s a simialr challenge to WhyDRS: people just don;t know or have the bandwidth to change it .

The rpersetiatives are “supposed to change things” on office, but like that makes no sense because it implies authoritative power to compulse human action. That is not a good thing. It reminds me of the pharoughs forcing slaves to haul massive ocks into their pyramid schemes/.

Why would we orgnaiza a society where an leeite group needs the mandate of a powerful hand to have poeoplle act hteight way? Why do the systmes allow so much fraud and decaeit even under the clsoes t of regualroy eyes? And how is thit that aeven with all this rulemaking dancing we still cant rope in eggrigous offenders who poison the masses for profit?

It’s infuriting. I’m sorry, I know I’m trying to keep it cool. But my head just can;t with them sometimes.

### Choice

I don;t want to lpay their rediculous gam aymore, adn I don; thik others should hav to either. Prcitally the ony solution nI see rests in tranparency, antithically to excess central returns. If it’s clear to the public what’s happening in a firm, open to anyon to jum in to help becuase htey care, and decentrlazed enough for them to actualyl ahve an iments—-wep orbably jsut don’t neved extrernal regualtros.

The hardest part I’ve found in achiving this vision comes down to compensation. It’s a lot other keep track of jsut abouot everyone’s progress. I think fo the cirty unemplyoemnt schems whcih pay the smae person to the same nae and address as if they were two people.

ANd heck, I’ve lived on the other end of that with my dad, lol. But the data standrds aside, how do you bill without a central party? Who determiens value and remits reards?

I’ve fpudn the anwers in the comunity. I think one of the biggest reasons people cant  or dont trust officials stems from dissepration. But when someone constnalty works within their public forum and that group determines value, iv;e only seen fair and genenrous outsomes.

The hcallenges scomes in connecting disparent and indepdntly-thinking people. That bidging role shouldn be neccesary to jsutidy collective choices, given suffiiecncy of capital.  It’s only when plliticking for funding that an outsider has to judge efficacy of investment, which is the hardest part of communicating a project’s value.

Impact comes from this over a relatively long time. And it arrives inspaceds once a tehcnology or concept materues. But it;s defiantely not he most immeidately mo-motivating thing 




















## Mission

I’ve been adding back inthe 7 billion dollars part on days when I felt particualrly down. It just is a nice feeling and reminder that there can be an escape from all this where. Igetto live in my cabin on a mountain with plenty of grocery delviery. Gosh, what I would do to have the pool, gym, and sauna today 

In the sameline as caring about my health, I’ve elected to permenaently remove the deadline recietal. Kayla nad I were tlakign about college inthe car hteo ther day, ansd she was a big fan of having things strucutred and idrective etc. Btu man I get anxierty typingthis - my hands are shaking - just h thinking about those damn deadlines, and it wasnt even hardat eall is the wierd thing.

Anyway, I see why it’s normal to want a better life and paritculy how it requires oeffort to incentivize the enegies of others to build personal pleaseures. I mam giving masses ofp eople real sainvgs and retirments. I/we are caryring out my desigre by creating an online broker that comined traditional equit bond and cryptuccrney markets in a decentralized system that rewards indpednetnm money managers, allos everyon to easily invest, opens active trading other he world, and helps replace existing bankign systems.

Lately, I’ve been modifying that last part to be and “online blokchcain” that “becomes the new financial system” (at the end). I had a much different view of brokers back when I was 16, as I oculdnt imaginge a financial system without them, at least for stoc trading. But I see knnow that htey’re just like the banksI originall wnated to obdviate back in the original endig.

ANd “online blockchain” as a shoe-o doesnt realy make the most since given how anyone can index and provide that data through APIs. I guess my bigger concern is changing my objecives from a central viewpoitn, specifically becuase htese amendments imply greater powr and infleucne across society and the network. I just find myself in such a fortunate position having discovered Stellar after making the goal and ralizing it acomplishes everything I anted and the nsome.

Tehe deadline might’ve helpedm ove thigns alogn in the centralized design scheme, but once I foudn the ocmmunity, it jst want neccesary anymore. Ive seen such an amaing group pof peopel putting Ain all their aspare thime and resources, and I now we’re pushign ahead at full throttle. Even my wn yearly breakdowns have become true no through central planning but collctive effort ,aifresting fortuitously.


### Dedication

I think of the means and ends I’ve gfaced since my last reflection. Ther was one partiucally brutial night where I talked to someone over a serious work matter before driving over to Concy for idnner with daDad. It’s around the time I rralized just how much energy I drain talking to people 

I ued to be so capable of doing it, when I talked abotu menaingless scholarly persuits or joyful securities analysis. But htings are real now, and Im politicking at a laevel far and above when Iexperienced with Mom and Dad. Keeping track of the entirety of incoming details gives me an insane edge, and my mind will not let me turn off maximum filtering quality 

It uses adrenaline to keep me locked in as long as possible, ot the point that I wont be able to calm down or sleep for eight hours after internse disucssions. I’ve got to think I;M processign everythign during that time because I will become completely starved and eat over 4000 calories in just the aftermath (has been all high-glicemic). My solution so far hs been large healthy food intake prior to chats and then jsut one meaningful discussion each day, attempting to keep higns wihtin my limit

That limit might expand over time, but there was a particuauly nasty feeling after I had dinner with Dad. First of all, I was physcialyl shaking the entire meal, out of immense energy defficit. Fidgeting, paranoia, hyperfixiation - you name it I hwad just a complete inability to think.

That menant that it was very difficult for me to make decisions. This was really common, and it even came up just before we oth drove to the reatustrunt. We aerre suppposed to meet somehwere to eat, and I Just couldn’t even look at my phone to decide on a resturautn.

This is abdonrmal becuase I walwyas pick where we eat, as I am pretty good at it. I think this might’ve been the first time in years that Dad made th ecall when it was just us two. He’s always so busy and generally it takes a lot to coax him into finding somewhere at all.

So I told him I had driven to this park I wanted to skate, but baredly got to enjoy much when it started raining. Lol I remember some crazy college days where’ I’d use street wheels on wet pavement and hit some crazy slides. Oh mygosh I was insane back then literally running through puddles jsut to find my batteries compeltely shocked. (But wman was it fun

> [1INFO]
>
> There was one time I was with the whole group, and we rode over to Mercedes. I rmemebr everone in a huge group taking up the lanes togetheradn tunring some head.s I was so fun being part of the group with others who had the skills to eecute exceptional rides.

Anyway, I don;t have those sort of outlets or local community anymore. And so I was pretty much having a breakdown incappabek fo thought while I sat in the parking lot for half an hour. Dad wias in the rental car nearby pickign somewhere on his phone, untilwe eventaully left to eat together.

It was nice for a moment to ahve soeone o follow. There’s not rally anyone whos done what I pioneer in work, and so I;M always on the hot seat. During quite a few dtimes in the Review, it was nice to take a ocuple moments to just take inthe world around me femeninely.

I know it;s too far asnd asking a little much. But man fuck you hy can;t I ask for it. It helped so much during the process to give me a release fom ebign at the helm.

> [!INFO]
>
> I remember Kayla noticed this change too after I Stared working really seriously on TAR1 in Feburaruy. Early on I would alwyas make these great date plans every week. I put in a ton of time to get things into an awesome night,and we had a great time.
> 
> I jsut dont’ ahve the bandwidth for all that anymore . The extra choices and leading decisions seem compeltley wasted when I hve so much to handel at work. It directly takes away fom the number of spark moments I have with everyone, and I just wish things would be taken care of on autopolit
>
> I keep thinking about having an assistant, and how awesome tat wouldbe. I thought I had that in Kayla, but she jsut works so much hnowadays to keep us aflaot. And it’s not a direct centralized controlling relationship, whic his great except fo hwen things get so frickin hard and I need certainty of reliance.

Anyway, per my poor ability to decide on literally negative fuel tank, I elect to order like some vegetables for dinner. It’s a complete nothing meal with no fats or substance, reminscent o the time I ordered a califlour teak after a heard hday of skiing . Back then I expected a big slab of meat, and everyone thought it was funny when mdietar y expectations were simialrly dissapointed by the result, although in this case itwas jsut quantity fo food.


Dad was nice and shared soem of his red meat. And I just culd t find the heart of mental bandwidth to decide on ordering another item. So we left after he kindly offered me a declined invitation back to therapy.

I waved goodbye to him after we awlaks aed around the pretty rustic town awersa for al itte while. Then I went to the park (little garden with a couple benches) next to where I aprked   I wasj ust sitting around flossing for a whiel ebcause I was stil lsuper rsttressed, and Dad was nice enogh to nice that and come chat with me for a hwile. After an hour, I’d fleshed out some of the stressoor points and brought up the proposal, to shwhich he was entirely supportive but echoed semntiments from dinner Thant I cna;t kill myself at the expense of my goals to help.

It was a ncie and reasonable response, and I honeslty expected more pushback on the porposal given the eyars of hesistancy ofver dating Kayla. But he jsut donest understand howd deeply I need to acmoplish this vision to rbing forth everythgin I know is fair and jsut in the fworld . How insnaely deeply his prodfession and industry has eviscerated our ability to prosper at the best ofcentral bankers. 

Then he gave me some moeny for gas and some painkillers, which I employed to write Response 6. He didnt have to do that, and it was nice to just chat for the first time ina long time. I think it was about 10 oclakc by htat point, adn I shoudl mention that I had c.six five-gallon jugs filled up in the back of the car from an early pit-stop in Richmond for twice the ice. 


### Crash

I fee l like my hwole ‘job ‘ o nthese days is to write.  I remember early on, Kyala made fun of me for taking this time. I exmplained to her how important it was for my processing, and she was just like “you don;t get paid to reflect.”

That sorta hurt, and shes’ definaelt had a tough time giving me space when I need it. At first this was awesome because the love, affect, and attention were incredibly tstimrumating. An they still are, but I need som e spae soemtimes andhse jsut does not respect that.

Huh, well I suppose that’s ones reason I went to have dinner with Dad on that night in the thick of it. I could check the calendar, but memory serves that it was a couple days after a major submission for the SEC, when I was taking my time to gether thoughts and maerials for the next round. For clarity, I never had anything we sent through prepared beforehand excehect for the exhibits obviouly.

Even the photographs in reponse 8 were all taken within the last month or two, with th e exception of the New York image from the Sabrina trip back in like March I think. My calendar is edigital, so it’s rulesd out of being refdrernced during this drafting. Except for that old one, which I am so happy to finally have scanned and reasdy for inpurt, becuase it’s such a pain to keep two sets of digital and physial records so I just don;t want to deal with that anymore.

Anyway, all that o say that this is really hard for me to write. Like a lot of this, I’ve spent hours just thinking on this point. It’s scary and entralized and who knows what else. Part of me thinks it was just the exchaustion from a late night out (albeit after sleeping in). But I can ermemebr my mental state at the time relateively vividly, and that is just not thewhole story 

I was about 25 minutes into the drive home, and Google maps took me down the farmer roads rather than the highway, since the resutaru was south of the entrance. I actualyl was circling around a clittle in the nightborhoods when I started the route just becuase of ho I was paralllel parled. But anyone once I ogt on the main road I followed what it said.

I don’t normally drive iwth music. I don;t like distractions, or at least Id rather have an audiobook going if Im going to get ot hte point of needing to listen to something. I enjoy the sounds of nature. 

That road was epsecailyl nice becuase it was ompelyl empty, a godsend later on. So I had the windows clearly showing a pretty scenery with minimal streetlights. That’s when it happened.

I was thinking about everyhting that had just gone down. I didnt expect to tell dad about Kayla that night, but it just naturally conversed that way in the park when he came other help. I really was trying t ojust work through things myself and get ready for hte ridehom. It ws suh a quiet night after that.

My head was spinning with those family thoguhts combined ad inifnitum with wrok. Everything that was happening, ocmplicated t oa million degrees by the fact that the Commission is a femenine beurocratic organization which I treat equivalently to a pretty woman. The nuance and complexities of future actions were just firing endelssly during this review to get the best outcome.

That was when I really felt alone in the depths of it all, and I had turned signifnacntly toward Autumn for emotinal support. I couldn’t bear or reconcile the thought of follwoing this one life I’d set down when I had this incessant need to understand what I was craving from them. FOr clarity, I’ve come to reginize this now and am imn a much better place with all that.

THe mental energy fdrain thinking about all thsi was just too much. I sat up straight and fiddled around with anything I could to keep myself alert on the road. But at some point I passed out and found mysef barrelling into a corn field.


When I woke up, all I coudl see at first was an army of stalks coming at me at 40 miles an hour. My adrenalien kicked in and I saw the rioad off to the right. I didn’t have time to think about the power lines adjeact ot hte road; I just veered to the right and stepped on the gas.

I worried that any slowdown couldtrap me in the field. The stalks were higher than my SUV and already getting stuck in the windshiled wipers. When. I busted out of the field and saw the incline back up to the road, I went even faster to make it over the ditch I must’ve flown over.

Thankfully I escaped collission with any power poles. But I landed on the other side of the road going into oncming traffice, andthat’s when fight or flight really kiked in. Fortunately, ther eere no immeiate curs and I was oging fast enogh to confidently merge back right immeiaetly.

During all this, I could hear the gallons of water flipping over tin the trunnk and splilling averythwehre in the car. When I pulled over at hte irst crossroads, a waterfall pracitcally spewed out when I opened the doors and trunk. I was just glad to finally be pulled off the road onto a leve lpatch of grass.

### Magic

I know my writing had s power. I cna ause it to sharpen my narratives and caft the ultimae weapon against Wall Streeth. I;D finally found the omcmunity to share that magic in the DRS group (this was after Repsonse 4), and it jsut felt incredible.

I’d been coming to terms with this over hte review, and Flawless Sparklemoon really helped me interlaize the change. I had only discovered Tamers while looking into the darkest of nights for something, anything to take the edge off after an insane submission deadline. ANd his art gave m so mucht o be thankfu lfor, so many laughts, and so incredible new communti friends.

I’e really been intenralizing the music abtout her, ebcause that;s the only thing I can keep looping while grinding on wokr. Not that all the episodes iwth and without her earent; equally amazing.  But I jsut need htat heavy rock adrenaline and loud noise in the hardest of ties.


Thanks to everyone for that. I hope I can shre how much it means with moneys. It’s nice bcause I can allocate feelings as capital wihtout challenging vocal expression.

During the review, I changed my X profile picture ot BGM’s rendition of Flawless becuase that’s how I felt when I hda every andswer to every staff question. Exchibits to back them up and all, just made me feel feally good, like I’d odne everythign right. But as it kept going on, I realized jsut how much work it is to keep that eprsona up forver.

I’ve always know the peressure sof being a directive centralized CEO were just immense, and I hoenslty felt that during the tail end of using the profitle photo. I don;t want to be flawless, living as the sole central abritor and actor cpapable of moving thigns forward. I don’t want to be the bottlenexk who makes every perfect “rihtt:” desicion on behalf of others, even if I do find myself a unicorn.


Ddont get me wrong, I absolutely love applying my skills to create impeccable work-rpdouct. But Flawless is on another level. She crafts a uniquel centralizitioned vision for how everyone in the world should live and she uses force ot bend all itno her will.

She’s too mcuh on the intro, and when I was thinking about this deeply we hadn;t gotten that episode where she;s Scootalos’s gf in school. Err well I know that’s not exactly right but like just to estabish the timeline; she hadn’t been hunanized as someone who also has struggles in life.

I feel liek that’s how a CEO needs to act, at least when facin the public. Tey have to be perfect in every way because the worlds that they say could hingle billions of dollars in stock value. It’s an unreal resopansability which only exists becuase of their absilute power over oeprations.

Absolute power is a bad thing, adn I only see it really get to someones head in monoply cpaitalism. I want to beuild somethign that I believe is a natural monopoly. Thus, I cannot let meseylf get trapped into theat role 

That’s why I felt really challenged despite my frivalous “lower” title of CCO, which didn;t event make it to the end of the exam review. It’s just menaingless nothnig that masked the reality that I was doing everything. And that is just not sustabine or to be he best proection of investors. 

It’s jsut not. yo ucan;t have goot godncenernace or risk controls with one fucking person abole to call the shots or else youe fired. And no amount of internal controls will take that reality away from the hierarchal wper structures embedded in legacy corporations.

For instnace, there aws a document written at hte behest of Corey (asyncornoysly) which outlines everything I wnted from a wife. While it’s lot to time, I still think back on it and haveremnants. Actually there are a lot of things recreated like that on the back of my immense-whir annual acalendar.

When times get hard, centralization is such an easy answer. It gives you everything you want in a simple little paclkage, .But I want to be flawless in a different way,reliant on the complimenting strenghts of others.

I _know_ I’ve got the basis for Trixie’s half from trading, marketong, and speaking. ERach of my water jugs has a cap with a cutie mark and, after the crash, I lost the Twilight one when it fell out of the trunk. I choose to stand up and be the Sprkle markets need so that we can be perfect together as friends.
