So, last time I did this was septmeber. Wow, I just have bee waiting so long for the right time. It really fells good to be backheere writing.

I've been thinking a lot about this idea of writing lately -- and forgive me if I monologue here a litleb efore getting to the goal items. It's just I didn;t journal last night, and so have had a lt of thoughts piling up. Reason being was that I was on a late call with Ankit and Bur discussing the central capital woes of yesteryear.

I recall how much I;ve always dsdained academic writing as mandated by my old central professors. The writing section of tandardized tests or AP exams particularly comes to mind s a place where everything had to conform to higher-up standards to extract massve labor efforts. It was just never fun.,

I also recall growing up and trying to journal as a kid. I generally got one or two pags into the little paper books before forgetting about it entirely. For some reason all I rmemebr is this one entry thanking the world fo my great teacher of some class. Idk, it was just never as enticing as some fun pokemon games.

Then I think about book. And honestly the second oen drafted, too. If there were just even like a thousand ssales of N2N, thne I likely would';ve finished it.[^a]

I wrote it becuase the world needed someting explaining those conepts. And there just asn't anything like it that fleshed out those ideas. It tok so much eperience to figure it out, even though I;m sure plenty of peopple knew all that information themselves.

It's one of the reasons I care about open education so much, because I know that masses of people base their knowleddge like I did on the free public information avaliable, especially when you're a minor with no income or forms of baking transactions without parental _permission_. I just have to belive the open public wiki style of aggregating knowledge works so mcuh better, especially with governance over the final narrrative. Lol I don't see much relevance to ti here, but I've been sitting and contemplating this point for some time, and I'll jsut interject that I had a dream last night abut the ABCD setup and its material signfingace in global economic analysis.

All this to say that there are some things which the traditional cantral cpaitlist system just doesn't seem to adequately reward. Why teach people the secret trading strategies you pent your career mastering when you can exploit them yourself to singelhandledly make millions?Why distribute the knowledge requisite to your workers to uncover a means to stop working for you because they found their own successful, innovative projects (without your capital profiting behind the scenes in the funding mechanisms).

I'm looking at you central VCs. Gosh it's been this struggle back and forth lately between namign specific goroups or individuals, most pressingly arising in the isolation of a few middlemen in TAR1 as points to make an example of. I suppose there ar ea lot of things I Do which are rationally incopmatable with the standard capitalist profit maximalization narrative,[^choices] and honestly at least I've gotten to see Jake making the "right" decisions to their material (as in wealth) benefit.

But i look up at that clock I made back in the woodworking lab at Tech in  my free time, and I just see anew the constatn belief in comuntiy adn the indiivudal themselves to allocate all forms of capitla. A bleif which Ihave to extend to my own actions in that they cmoe from a lace of good faith to achieve my goal. And frankly they make things a little more interesting along the way, too. 💜

# Goal

I desire 7 billion dollars. I am giving masses of people real savings and retirements in exchange for the money I desire. I uintend to posses the money I desire by DATE.[^b] I am carrying out my desire by creating an online broker that combines trditiaonl equity, bond, and (crypto)currency markets in a decentralized sytem that rewards indepepndent money managers, allows everyone to easily invest, opens active trading to the world , and helps replace existing banking systems.[^c]

## 29 Apr 2031

I remember that EO event where I had a special seat in the room ith millionaire members. We spent six hours diving into how to centrally plan your organization's "culture." The main premise revoleved aroudn much of the studying I'd been doing at the time, which is that better "corporate families" lead to better business outcomes.

What a loaoda of absolute horesh!t there/. TO think that we awant to centrally direct human behavior to serve our ends while making others feel like theyre freely "having more fun" at work --- jsut fucking redicuklous. Because it is central planning, as showcased by one member there whose entire staff recorded a music video of him like he's a rockstar changing the world.

Well there's the epitome of all this central planning: a hierarchy generating a select few at the top who just descide they get to be the most valuable. FUck you, fuck that, and fuck the pyramid. It's jsut not the best way to organize a society, and it only exists becuase of legacy limitation on communications, commerce, and compensation.

SO when I think about this goal whichhas a deadline on it, I'd first like to explain the context behind its creation, as is public. IT came from _Think adn Grow Rick_, which was written after considerable central coordinations and efforts over a hundred years ago. Thus given, it makes total sense that they'd requisite a deadline, especially given parkenson's law.

But deadlines are a form of central contrail, full top. Funnily enough, I've still got the check I wrote all those yars back in 2017, lsited on banjkstock with the old Atlanta penthouse address from Pam. It's got those old baking instituttion graphics that make me cring, the hullarious MICR characers, and of course a writing date of the subsection title at the very top.

I tried everything I could to fulfill that objective, to conform to its central direction and epxlict success. But i just knew the systems in place would take such a high monetary and social toll on the world should I achieve it with yesteryear's infrastructure. That's why I joined that online hackathon back in 2020 and ultimately spun the fund down.

I hve it famed now, sitting atop a sogned, notarized copy of a resultion from the Syndicate's "Board" to open a sub-account fintech BIN accessing Federal Reserve services. Went through so much to get everything ready to mail that in under a co-sponsoring bank, but I never dropped it in the mail. Dated 29 Sep 2022.

Funny enough, I'm jhust now realizing there's a fotonote o the 1-page sigantory document which says that I can't authrioze the resolution becaue  I'm one of the named account signatories rather than an executive secretary.

## Emptiness

I like ot think I have a strong connection with the universe, god, invisisble hand --- whatever you watn to call it. I started understadning this early on when my thought patterns changed depednidng on whetehr or not I was near a source of Wifi.[^d]








## Deadlines

One thing that traditionally has deadlines arehowwork assignemnts. As in something someone decides to assign to you because fuck you. Lol ofc it's not seriously like that, but it is 100% directorial in the sense that you don't get a choice in the matter.

"What happens if I don't complete the homework," asked a small impressionable child. "You won't get into college and you'll die homeless," said the mean teacher lol. But seriously, tell me i'm wrong here?

And ofc the school system we know today is so damn centralizedit's ducking crazy. I remember the days when the principal came into class to observe teaching behavior. It was like a fucking doctorate thesis from the subject that day as they gave us the greateest act I've ever seen. And we were literally prepared for days for the visitation, being told to act on our best behaviour _or else_.

Well what's the "or else" in work? Is it "you're fired?" Or is it "you will die homeless on the side of the street becuase there are no other jobs avaliable if i bad-mouth my friends and stain your _resume_?"

God I hate resumes. Hate them so deeply with such passion and vigor. Oh my god they're horrible in every possible conceivable way.



# WhyDRS governance

We have a nimportant turning point coming up. And I'm so ducking exchited for it. We're finally going to have on-chain fovenrnace for the DUNA, and all the bells and whisteleds that come wiht having your treasury on a blockchain. God it's going to be so juiced! 💜

## Other Government

I really apprecaite how fucking incredible NQG is -- like holy shit how the hell did a centralized research instuttuion put this shit together? Albeit it still has some reminscent central-control aspects which need to be ireoed out. But man that's going to be a really fun ironing process.

If we can document exactly how we tune the neurons, then I literally think we have a governance system for on-chain inflation. And once we have on-chain inflation, we literally show why nobody needs the Fed. And one we do that, man RIP nation-state governments able to involuntarily extract capital fro theri citizens. 🏃🏿💨










[^d]: Now, I keep the home modem in my office, in a drawer on my side desk. Briefly, I undoubtabl thought soem of the itmes up for reflection background today based not on explicit agenda items but rather internet content I'm gfamiliar with such as musical art from pasel friends.[^f] I tend to defer thoughts like these mroe towards a general relative local connection to (in-use (by Kayla)) internet which by its packeting nature carries a back-and=forth flow to and fro signalling centers disputrsed across the world, even if not fully distributed yet.[^e]

[^e]: Hven't thought about if starlink counts yet. Would need to meditate for an etended period of time in space. Presuming at last a single-station link back with the rest of the web, unrelated to SpaceX work.

[^f]: As an aside,i would be remiss to not ocmment on how fucking awesome Rainbow's developemnts were early on based exclusively on interaction with the market. Unlike Twi, placed in front of a committee review board and destined to succeed, RD had one metric to define her success: speed. And she saw instantnenously how she was perfoing every time she lost a race. It was literally her forthrightful success which inspired so many with zero intention therof.





[^c]: Athought frnakly I've come to unerstand that Stellar really does mostf the work here, practically achieving all these objectives iteself outside of securities. So if I cna jsut bring hat singualr piece to the network (prefreerrably focused on equity for the social benefeits thereof, but idk the TA function also intertwined with corporate debt) --- it's just everything I've always wanted/. And I believe so deeply in tis ability to acheive our shared vision.

[^b]: _See_ next subsection.

[^choices]: _See_ dating in college rather than investing funds, not getting a highly-compensated computer-enginnering job in my early 20s, closing down the fund while it's at its peak (which cou;ld;ve kept going for quite some time), or releasing the book freely alongside the hundreds of hours of educationa courses. _See also_ adamaent rejection of capital infusions from investors (both central and cenetralized) interested in the Syndicate, including early team-member equity grants. And let' not forge the inumerable amount of times Dad offered to move me to a house he pays for post-college.

[^a]: Admittedly, this "sales" side of things is a seperate longer story, one which I perhaps will dive into later todya if relevance suffices. Practically, it would've been trivial to sell thousands of the book with adequate central paid advertisign using the large backstop of fundsI had back then. The whole frickin funnel was entirely built-out, nad all I had to do was choose to continue the journey down a hole of paying for traffic.
