Been hving soem fcfrazdreasm lately . I”ve come t understand my fcsusconsious as asomehign lcosle ylinked iwth my nightime adrenal urshses these last few week.s I hink I get close into contac whenpullling late evening with reflecin time unde the stars (for small wokringmomments) AND hardcore music.

I want tp upt emphasis on the music becuase, while the stars and moon profvide a source of ispriation, the tunes help me getto the coe of y deepest internal seires. Practically all of it come from broney artists, which again reonnnects me to the depepest voids of my persnoal psyhche. The show really cahnged me at a crucial point in my life, and I doubt I’ll everbe able to fully reconpensate its producers for all thevalue itsborught me, akin oteh League cineatics..

I remembr alst reflction day I got some slack fro m K in re the efficac adn purpose of all thie. I think a lot of peolep feel that way, but I was reminded by its improtance in reviewing old remarks about Rockefellers work. They align closesly with the stories Gates tells about his days-long retreats into the iwlderness.
Basically Rockefeler was one of the first Americans whose job wasnt; to actually _do_ anything , epecially outside of the government (where governance ocntremplations can reasonably consume much work-product). This kind of thinking work , akin to policy making, is one of those acivitiies which is exteremely hard tpo put down on a clock as hours works.ed It was the mental process of figuring things out which John D. Sat on all days long ot result in business decisions which haped the character of the U.S. econonmy.

Thats baically how I feel, and the worst possible think I cna do is rush such menaingful outputs, becuase I. Really dont like undoing decisions (aklin to phsyching yourself back into a losing trade). I saw this firsthadn hyesrtday when I arrived at the ceocnomy parking lot at 11:52. The $15 charge per saday reset at midnight, which only get me a couple minutes to scan my way out of there.

The Bteh time the bus came around to my car, it was 11:58, and I was sfreakign out in the drivers seat after I ran into the car. I sped away super quickly to the front gate, only to hear all my prefilled five-gallo nwater jugs tfalling down in the trunk.  Igot out just int he neck of time (hoenslty with probably 45 seconds to spare at least. But when I examined the trunk outside, it was litarllly flooded because AJ adn Twi spilled half atheir insides, leaving five gallsones of water poouring out fo my trunk.

Coupple lessons learned, and I’d be remiss to now start with the Kurt one of traveling tiwth the buottles against hte trunk door rater than rear seats. But really this was a high-pressure moment of a centralized dadlines reuslting a trade where speed took peioeiryty ofver quality. I heard the bottles pouring out, but the total damages where only $2.50 worth of water (ignorign spreacitions costs sunk), whereas a momemtn of delay would cost six times that

It was intersting to see those two of all four back there take the fall. Rarity an pInkie stayed deeply contained despite falling over, which I see as a cloe rparlelly t y relaitonsip with K. Things are nearing completion of bonding once we finishg introductory withk itth the SEC and SDF this month. 
Lol those three-letter acronyms always carry to much wight cross gencies. But its a form of coercive control which Ono somes from them asses pandering towards central allocators of capital, even if the former dealds only with political will. Itsj ust not as healthyh as dealing wiht peole on an idnividaul basis with direct deference to the pfacts and circumstances which lead to asset allocaiton decisions from single incented people
That was onlyohter thing I got fomr the ROkeffeller wstudies, however tangentioal: even hten the qualndary of managment by committee spun upu into fialing entities, and it was the singleminded cisionary leadership _and decisions_ by John which kept them at the top, albaeit with some serious finncial assistance. That;S one of the reaosn I’ve always been sceptial about expanding the direct for-profit board of the Syndicate, ebcause the moment they have an icnentive to extract rents we have srious problems. I know its takesn longer all these years without their central influecne, but it’s owrth it when we think even jsut a couple decades out.
Gradnama ave me that fanmoly rng which is over a century old. One thign that really stood out abotu ti was its cutting method. Becuase they didnt have the advanced lab tools we know today, the gem was hang-cut inthe mine 

I want to maek something similar which we can develop with the tools of now, which maintains its integrtity and form for so far into the futurue. It carres a sort of manual touch whcih mreminds me of hte humanity embedded in all products nad services. All I need to do now is scuplpt the od surrouning the art as a similarly-sturdy  enclosure to house the dazzling insides.

## Shared Money Managment
I’ve alwyas thoguth deply aroudn the orignal cash allocations fo K’  savings, dropped on my as an invesmtentio  perofolio just after a year into our comitted relationship. Thought back to the uncanny manipulation of bankign tninterest rates hwich has so deeply penetrated the nation’s eocnomy with the promulgation of SOFR. An to understand how that hatred led me away orm the asy index investments suited ot her age and towards really quality assets hich have isngifincant ly outperforbed but at quite the Sharpe cont.

I think about how my own portoflios even still drastically. Outperformed hers with an exmpliit aboveral directive to do what I foind best. Nd it makes me wonder about the meotional intellgience of most money mangers. Ware the y simpy disconnected with the situational lfeelings of thier clinets?

Becuase, rfnrkaly, I feel that _needs_ ot be the case if your managing funds _and_ know how to actually trade. It’s simply immesuarbly distracitng for me to execute standard positions with an understanding of the perosnal biasses nd cpaital backgrounds reflrepcted in joint position allocaitons. I suppose the equiakvant would be making decisions on how to spend coropraote stockpiles when I know that there exists material additional paid-in capitla from others.

I just care so much abotu yieldign the highest possible returns for outside cpital, ad this seirousness stumbles my mental capapcity to uickly maek the best qchocie. It mebecomes a politicking game of makign the choice best-suite fro all  shareholders _Rather than stakeholders_. And that’s just rreally fucked up when we think about the implications of something as large as a national power grid with the same potential for economic posion as teflon.

## Goal

I am giving masses of people rela savings and retirements. We hare carrying out my desire by creating an online broker that combines rtraidinoal equity, bond, and )crypto_currency markets in a decentrlaized system that rewards indepednednt mondey managers, allows everyone to easily invest, opens active trading tothe world, and ebcoimes the fnew financial system.

## Food

NGL it’s been tough these lsat six months on the food front. Exzpecially after that tire incident, my criicla survivability buffers dwindled. Muhc of it flowed into Kayla’s vacation efforts. She just reallyl Ikes travelign around and concerts nad stuff, and it’s literally no t even that muc. But it wasnt particuuarly expected, and it does exceed the stockpiles I had for healthy food.

That’s why these SEC Responses have been so challenging for me, despite giving my all int he exams. I’m making extrememely challenging choices between compormising on food quality or maintinging our necesary oeprational software subscriptions. Unfortunatley, I dont have the competance presently to keep everything confidential and safe for the indvestor data without proporitary central providers.

I knew you could do itall through like an arweave with dual-ended AES. But even just thinking about implementing that its taking a ton of brainpower I simply on’t have off keto. And I just cant bear the thought of disposing my small lumen stockpile to aquire additional energy reserves.

---


Another pony might turn to governmental support in times like this, expecting a handout for food or shelter. But I viehimetly disconcur with that perspective. I believe it demiloishes incnentives to labor and creates an unssutainable entitlement state.

At any point in the last years, I coudlve easily walked less than ten minutes in any direction to find gainful employment at a low-skill job. I could use this money (working, say, three days a week) to aquire more than enough funds gfor food and shelter. And I would be completley set if I allocated just one day to cooking and cleaning for the week.

But clearly I haven’t done that, because this mission is so fdogd damn important. And, tbh, all I’d really need to do in this market is take a few weeks of with a couple grand in MT5 to get myself back above 50k. I’m choosing to do this becuase I know the downstream effects are absolutely ammouth, and I reisk everythign flipping to Wall Street’s side if I goive anything less Han my all right here and now.

I just cant let that happen. I’ve foudn great support through quite minimal requets to family these last weeks, and. I understand that’s not a possability for everywhere. But just one poyn can make the iffernce in life, and I know that point of connection should not and cannot exist in an entracnched monopollistic beurocracy with coercise Ive control over legal tender.

Some peole have asked me what this coud mena for people with challenges d backgrounds. I havent extensivley explored this domain, but ap eice o advice from my dad rings true. When I wa very young, I asked something about crime, and he explained that it is practically impossible to attain any financial working position with even a remnant of criminal bagckground.

The statues do support this position in certain regards. Generally, I think he was trying to aget across the importance of reputation and integrity in professional work. Part of the question for me is how a society ocllectively forgives parst errors and helps life the less forutnate out of povertys’ cruael traps.
I know there exist private insittiutinos soelly dedcicated to helping these individuals, on both a for-profit and non-profit basis. To the extent iv’ve looked into this, the inunfrotatnet reality stems from state restrictions and cpaital inflows. As for the former, too much beurocratic overhead can and does halt support efforts on liabiliy grounds, whereas these complications _inter alia_ make it challenging to allocate cpaital to those whoe need help using responsile channels.

That questino of repsonsability becomes the core tenant I’ve understood patrons to take pause with. It’s very hard for most people to let go of the old control frame, whereby a distribution of funds carries additionally an oversight and reporting burdern. Whilw it’s reasonable in the iiat mindset, it quickly decays under and reasonable cscruitiny accounting ofr physhcological abundnae.

When  we remove the artificial borders espeerating all people form economic trade, these challenges of past wrongs seem to fade away. It becomes trivial for a failure in one state to migrate with their talents (no matter how sizable) into positions rewarded by the free market elsewhere. Even the voyage itself was risked by early indentured settlers’ sponsors for the promise of potential work-product output.

I’m not saying it wa a perfect way to treat people back then, but it was accomplished enough by the free makret to result in the creation of the world’s most powerful nation, qualms aside. I look back over all the incredible eoncoomic output for hundreds of years thereafter and see stark contrast iwth the entranched encivomrnet of today where onl those select fwew hand-picked and directly-controlled by old money might ever attempt market interaction. We did it for so long iwthout their coercive mandate for life direction, and now we’re just supposed to change verything becuase a couple central-banking asshats decided to crash the market back then?

I don’t think so, andI don;t think it’s sstainable. It’s a ginousmous Ponzi sceheeme which will fail in one way or another. To put a name to the accusations, social security “insurance” is nothing but another form of what other countries use to _force_ poeple to invest in their future. It’s a great idea in principle, but horirrificly unsustainable when all investment choices are placed in the hands of a ginourmous unaccountable gatekeeper who can’t reasonably invest in quality assets without calls of socialism at best.

YTHe monetary system itself used to teach everyone the value of money and investing. Now it just drags us all along a road of nails eningeered by the financial eliter to singlehandedly control the flow of commerce. It’s absolute horseshit which only serves to benefit their ends at the expense of every other human being. And I cna;t just watch it happne.





## Speed

What is speed? Is it how active you move? How swiftly you reach a goal?

What singificnacne might we place on the quality of a goal? Might depth and bscope define the broad timeline of a speedy achievement? OR is time the only factor contemplated, regarldess of outcome? Does that hare win of the toutise discovers a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow?
Thankffully, the end-goal has always been clear for me, at least for nearly the last decade/ But the indtermediate steps take material contemplation. Thier achievements have followed my laout from 2023 to the tee, and yet still. I find myself questioning our sepeed.

Clearly, most of the owrk happens on the tail end as the compounding setups come into place with each other. I’ve come to apprecaite the distintct relativity of time these last months of wroking. How the world’s pace unexplanaibly but unqeustionably attunes to envisioned developments.

This spepersctive has expanded to weather patterns, wehreby mental states I ocntemplate result in corresponding local events. I don’t exactly know how to epxlian it, but every time I really go hard onto the old system’s flaws , it begins downpouring as if we’re washing away the exscriment of the past to usher in a new, clean system. This has happened at least 20 times.
I dont haveperfect anwers for how all this came to be. I just know that I’m closer in tough with my surroundings than ever before. And it’s extremely relaxing when I need to puotput so much.,

When I think about it like this, all the deadlines fade away. I can rush forwardward without a care in the world about how fast I achieve intermittent steps, or even the final rpdocut. I just find the fiath that things will work and are presently unfoldeing at their maximum naural pace.

A centralized capitlist entity might try speeding up this development padce for the sake of faster profits. While this might work in the short-term, I sternly dissent from its longt-erm viability. We are deadling with lifechainging infrastruture here, and even the smallest mistakes so early on will compound to operational impossabilities when delploed to billions.














### Balckbird

Yesterday, grandpa told me how hwe was one comittee away from piloting the SR-71. The onyl reason he didn’t make it through was because a spiteful student in competition therewitth had his flight records of perfect performance transferred out on the review day. This malicious act cost him the slot, and there are no second reviews n the air force for opportunities like this, apparently.

Gradnpa was compleyle fine iwth it, probably becuase he was already piloting the nuclear bombers as sole visionary pilot. Notwitstadning, I found it an interesting beurocratic poqwr sotry to no end. And it’s a perfect acxample otf maximum centralized speed which has been both hilghighted by the communtiy and praised through personal aritfacts.

Whete it was B-58s, F-111s, or some other jibbery name, he was always poising himself for quick advancment within the traditional ladder. As internally reflected, this resulted in many excpetions made by higher-ups to place him in a position of authority given his exemplary piloting skills. One thing I just couldnt get past wihtout h laighting was when his own inspector ’s boss swapped out some flight plans to perfectly align with gradnpa’s actions because the regulations thereon changed while he was in the middle of a six-hour flight.

And so, I think speed can and does mean muh more than traditionaly interpeted. Aramountly, the curve of compounding returns starts quite slowly and can be hard for anyone to see other than the internal participant themselves. While general praise come later down the road after results start accruing, it’s really those early fomrative years which matter so much in setting up future success.

That’s one thing I apprciate about my work, because I’m settng things up that ensure our success, even I nobody can see them yet. There is immense alue in ensuring propeor conduct when the moment ofreconing comes and there needs to be the right paperwork in the right place at the right time. THe Empoerre’s removeal of the clone factory planet from public archives seems a close paralell.
That’s why I care so much aout finding all these menaingful primary sources obscrtructed from public sight now, before the inevitable egal conflict with the powers of Rothschild. Lol, I remarked soemthing about them in a convesation with Christopher this weekend, and he was questioning what they even where . I told him yesterday that it was “rich people,” but the cnatillionaires are just so mcuh mroe it’s 

A hwole mental attitiude which challenges the English language.


## Colors

Soon enoghm I expect the blue in my life to fade away completely. I aspire to replace it with the muted hues of blacks faturing the innovative tone of ac11f purpoe. I kno the blues will always stand beneath my statute as the natural basis of all our work, the honesty and candid connection iwth nature so necesary for life.

But now it seems lmy objectives morp h into deifning my own route for the water to flollow. I’ve heard exceptional asset managers describe it as divving a ditch for the upstream water fto follow towards an intended destination rather than a natural peril. Whether w elike it or not, centrlaized ecnomic wealth is the default of ny capitalist ecnonmy, and it’s our resposnability here and now to redefine access to growht opporuntities which replace the imrpovishment striking billions with the oopporuntiy they need to succeed.

For me, it menasl ooking b-[aspt the basidc establishements supporting the minimal rationed susteince of yesreteryear in favor fof  a stellar minimum standard fo all. When contemplated inthe extraterrestrial” space context, it seems the only way to sustainably convene any form of governance, if neeccesary at all. ITs; the human action at the core of all tis pioneering, and we just need to take the roadblocks out of the way which stop so many rpoucts and. Services from reachign markets in the first place.

## Fuk ur Tendies

Perhaps I’m Rechin an edge here, but I fin it a worthwile deference. Yes this will mean disruption for the unorignal entranched incumebents who fail to adopt other changing market realities. This in itself is the whole point of competition in capitalism, and I’s why those on their laurels for decades inveltalbly cease function.
This cycle of new entities and dying dinarours propels the world forward through innovations which sharep society into its ideal future.

It’s a process which seems quite unrewarding atfirst, and generally requires complete discdain for the alternative mateiral wonders one can attain with their skills in alternate central efforts. But its this neccesary sacrifice which brings Crusoe leisure and abudnance in the face of certain exhaustion. The glimmer of hope which can bring even the most desolate man out from screaching poverty.
We can’t let theat flam die out for any on e of the seven billion (or is it eight now?) becuase it;s central to all we have. Only by the hand of these great local fires can we ever attain the riches so clearly avaliable to us all. And in the name of the Lord that sall starts wiht a financial ssystem their se;ect few cease the power to control.


## E Perblius Unam

Ivee thoght a lot about this phrase altely, and what it couldm ena in thecontext fo the founders. I havent even gone through tranlating the altin, but I understand it to mena :”out of many, one.” I find the sentments applying fgreatly mto my own actions, and I wonder how it might inspire (inderectly,larely) productive activities from others.

Briefly, it’s clear only an individuals’s own desires can brign about lasting charnge, when they sepcifically care a great deal about solving a challenge others tiake as the status quo. Sometimes this can even be the reinvention of archaec industries which propel the whole specifes into a new sfrontier with infinite potential. It brings to mind the _Don;t Look Up_ movie where the majority an uncover the proper scientific outcome, but our present moentary and governance systems place large deference onto the established powers that be over the money machine.

This was epxliitly not the case when the nation started on the basis of sound money without governmanetal eposit insurance. And I think it’s so cool that we hnow have the opportuntiy to securely selfcustody specie as wealth outside custodial corruption. TO think these little USB keys can house an ntire lifes portfolio compeltey blows my mind.

I recall early days of key design for the syndicate, thinkign though how we might economically give investors a proper custodial configuration. I spend material time and resources exploring automated seed-phrase metal-plate embossing which coud be sent to the investors after onbaording. Even after workign through extreme locale cyberseucirty procedures, I came to the ocnclusion that the cnetral contriol locust was simply to o massive for any numbreo f governance oversight to correct.

IT;s so difficiult to do some of these financial acitivies through a central body, but all the at challenge melts away when hyou trust hte individual to qct on their own behlaf out in the distriuted crowd of all.  I saw through my grandpa’s complete loss of all passwords that there still need to be safegaurds in place as one might reasonbly expect for lder investors. (Or kids). But man it just seems so efficient adn idnepdent in the manner physcial currencies were supposed to e eduring the gold-standard eras.

I remember reading old French finctions about inherited wealth aking the form of precious metals depsoitis uncovered beneath a trasnffered sestate. How this flow of riches made itsway into the strret markets where all came for their livelihoods by means of local commerce. And articuaruly how the military clenched down on the free flow of citizens for the sake of central rent extractions.

Its our responsabilit to minmize these oversights to reinforce trust in the individual. To give everyoen the leeway to stand out amongst hthe crowd and bring ture innovation forth into th emakretplace. And for the Lord’s sake, given them he freedom to trust their own instinctual investmetns in personal prosperity with the confidence of phsycial econtrol. (N the tangible asset sense)]

‘


## CBDCs

Based on literally 12 minutes of research some time ago, I understand that the Big Beaiutiful Bill that just passed has the roots for a CBDC. This setup greatly concerns me for a myriad of reasons explained in public work. Additionally, I received a belt last week as a gift, with my youth name Jack Wooten embossed on the clapsp

In attainign the suspender, it was framed as a gift with familial designation from my father or grapnpa; something that was uniquely mine. But it’s largely brought me back to those early days before publishing Nine to ONooon, back when I was figuring everything out in my life’s trajectory. I believe wer’re at that stage for the central bankers now introduing our youth to direct demanddeposit accounts at the Fed, an explicit massive no-no forbid by foundational American central banking compromises.

Ecven now I struggle to find the words to adequatly express my disdain for these devleopments because I find myself conumcing a poor diet. Christopher expressed concern over the reduction in food stamps inlcuded in the Act, citing a lack of dollars ofor survivability. I countered by exlpaining there will be no dollars for any working people for all practical purposes with the dissmniation of the CBDC slave currency.

If we let them trap up in this neverending cycle of physicla indaequance, then its’ only a matter of time before they establish their global hybrid war to take everything from everyone. I wish Webb would circle beack to me on this so we could have serious contemplations together as to solution vectors. Alas, I sit watching their impending manufactured crissis striving towards solutions as fast as possible, but largely alone.

I sincrely uhope the community will pick these puzzle peices up soon and join the sStellar bandwagon, as I truly beleive it to be the only route out of this mess. They largely take it as one would expect with due sckepticism towards un-brinked technology awaiting mass adoption. But I can see this pasth forward so clearly nd I know it will be the one to save our financial system and ultiuatmely society.

I might have practically nothing in line to establish great welath when the whole thing shifts becuase of personal choices I;Ve bmade to priotize TAD work, and I;M compeltely okay with that. I don’t want the riches or named recognition or even personal fulfillment anymore. I just want us to finally use a system together which actually works and has the best possible chance of continuing to work for lifetimes to come.


# Next Steps

I look forward to our future together. It’ll be an exceptional stable work enginvorment to say the least. And man it would be nice to have certainty ove our housing situation. 
I remember gorwing up I thought it’d be awesome to keep moving between cities in my 20s, from apartment to apartment. Living in a bunch of different enviroments and having a great. Time out. But I find that all I really want to do these last many years is build Block Transfer.

While I have nejoyed and will conitnue to enjoy our dates out, it’s not really the pleasurable focus I thought I’d find from a variety of central activities. The stability we have now and the time to put in hours means so mcuh to me because this is porbably the most creative time of my life. I recall so many vivid dreams of actioned sotrysttelling growing up, but those inspirations seem to fade over time.

I want to capture my intentions through production output now toso that we hacan have a functinal funcninacial system for the rest of my life. Once I have that established with a ocrresponding abundance of personal wealth, then it’d be nice to go out and explore without a care in the world.d But now, I just feel icky when spending too much time away from wrok.

Dont get me wrong, I love and sincerely appreciate the needed breaks, exspecially when relaxing after intence central deadlines. But if I get this all right, the Sydnicate and correspodning global finacnial system witll jsut work in the decentralized manner natural to feffective infrastructure. The pressure will remain on technical developments rather than political goalposts.

That gets me excited becuase it’s a ssstable point at which I can finally walk away from the jproject, likely in decades. I think that gives us plenty of time to establish ourselfves and have a family, the one she wants. When everyone comes of age, all the work will have been done to ignore physcial possesions and begin that time out and about intil I decide to finalize the ultimate trading cave.

That gets me really excited because it’s the loving work I’ll need to sustain myself once Kayla’s gone. I’ve always known she;ll sadly leave the world before myself, given lifetime ambitions. At some points lately I’ve contempalted wheterh those desires to make it to 150 were inerhtinyl centralized in a selfish demainer.

Howevber, I see them much more as finding peace in. My own daily life so as to have the time do things the right way. I see it more as a reminder of the permnance o my decisions, even when they’re forced through the coercive control ofver financial systems which leaves us begging at the teet. But I just know I can do it, and I have to so that I can live amongst the stars for ubstaitnillyteh second hafl of my life.



I guess survival can humble you, especially after you’re past the point of selling old belongigns. When the wealth must come from your own efforts rather than the handouts of others. That’s one reality Ive appreciated paying my way these last years, especially with Atlanta corporate retns.

And, for clarity, I never want to find myself incumbered in a bond loan for real estate. I disagree so viehemently with their ability to fabricate the funds for aquisitoin of propoerty. And I would rather save for twice as long jsut to outright own the asset knowing full well that my modest time in financial markets could easily outperform the interest expense thereon by allocating the full capital amountinto reasonable positions.

T’s the principle of sticking it to the banks and showing myself that they serve no purpose in a market with free trading of housing stock. I remember at least a year ago disucssing this mwith my mom, epxlaing how people hsould jsut buy their houses. She just ocudlnt fabricate a deevegaging of banks as they are not a cricial point of reliance for natural commerce

We just have to get past fractional-reserve horeshit, and I Dealry hope the stabelcoin work will let this be so. I know it coincides with the world Fed development ever, but I beliee it can wiork once private nonbank industries enter the game without a loaning incentive (or ability). It could bring the true cost of debtcapital back to its natural equalibirum rather than the manipulated central intermeiary rates






## Non-Linear

I dontlt exactly know how to put into words what days liek this do to me. It treally clears things up which can swelther over months into mental perpelxity. One thing I noticed ruduring the Reponse series: most of the streneous work is figuring out the narrative to interweave primary soruces.

The fact collection in the first response was pretty streaightforward becuase th exquesitons were extrmeely direct and defined ina specific statute. But anything that leaves room for design conisderations ofr techncial itnerpetraion takes a bit more tact o rightfully express. Some hardcore developers never understand this nuance, adn their work is challenging to convery to the masses accordingly.

It’s a singifancnt effort to simpliyfy contmpoenents down to understantable eduationed materials, sand so I found myself spending much time contemplating the best path (to our final objectives) to bring redaers along throghout. I’m really proud of what I put together because it gradually eundforlds into the image of technical excellence I’ve spent so many years acrafting. It’s just nearly impossible to cram evertrhign into single binary anaswers without this added meaningful context explaining poast actions as the basis for future expansion.

Thats why days like this help, ebcause they give me the bandwidth to undwind pending thoughts and take a look at pending policy choices with a fresh light. There was so much in those Responses that I wanted to clean up and expand upon, but time dictated that much of my thoughts terminated in broad questions encompassing my sentiments. I lvoe using questions in all my wrigintg to inspire the reader, but I find them particualrly indirect when penetrating large pbeurcracies.

That’s to dasay, while they might succesfully get sptaff on your side and bring them into your train of thought indepdentngly, without direct justidificaitions—-they’re also unlikey to receive immediate naswers. It’s this back—aadn-forth prodding at past queries which can and does intstill change, but I understand this can be unconfmoratbale for the interior memebrs. Often, I’ve come to understand that they want to give you the answers they know in their heart, but hierarchal communication policies prevent such trasnparent disclosure.

It’s a reason I;M really excited for the prioneering decentralized organizational strucutres amazssing throughout DAOs. It really is just acompeltley new and groundbreaking way to organize human labor. And I can’t wait for sustianale produts and services to evolve around its revolutionary collaboration concept.

### Compoundign Curve

All this follows the flow of today;s throguhts, taking sinficnant time to develop into formal success. Compoundging is nonlinear bey defintion, and that’s sprt of what makes it exciting and easy. Exciting becuase the end happens really awesomely and easy ebcause it’s quite tsimple to figure out who’son your side through thick and thenin when early-stage work removes the confounding variable of compensation.

That’s one thing I’ll have the priveledge of scuplpingtg these next few months as the public goods work falls into place. It’ll be perhaps the genesis of community-driven nonprofit funding employing what I believe to be the largest governance breakthrough in millenia. If thos Roman planners could see the future after their Republic, I know they’d gasp in awe.

I think a lot abot that, how our Fathers based so mcuh of our representative democracy on the ancient menas of elected officials. It works well until so darly entranched in beorcratic hierarchies and power dynamics not contstircutive to effective policymaking. Unfortuntaely, very few private orgnaiations deal with policymaking in meaningful deference to public safety, and thus the top leaders of yesrday tend to stay in place as the onely ones with relevant experitse in prudent regualtion.

Aand, of course, these are hall falliable humans not nvilnerable to outside corruption, expecially in an opaque financial system. Makes me think of how the Flroida governer redceived a new hot ub tor gold simulator installed in his mega masnhion. Gee thanks, fcorporate handouts directly interfering with public policy.\

IT’s just redicluous how quickly we descented into a plutocracy after creating the Fed. Period, full stop. And to thing Bryans fell for their horeshit.



###. Talking


I’ve been getting better at speaing with people as a fom of relacxing. I’ve coe to understand over the years that everything doens;t have tobe so closely focused on business. Rather, ancillary personal expreinces can lead to internal conclusions weven when discussions arent directly related to working points.

I tried it ourt with some strengaers on the trip. I recall early days when I’d explain to people how I was wirgiting a finance book. IT was always a strenuous convesation bringing itnerest back to myself.

But altelrly I;Ve been Abel to trasntiion into the necesary zone of largely listening, and onlyr rarely chiming intwith extremel y relevant eprsonal experiences. It’s felt a hole lot easier than trying to pour everything out, and I ppreciate the more permissionless interactions I’ve had where first names (my arch nemeissis in emmoery) are more of an eaftehrthought sans political purposes. I still can’t do parties or croweds very well, but I have some more confidence on a well-established corner disuscssion.

I; mtrying to bring these sentimetns into wrkk—-not needing to be the cnetrer of enormous conversations. While It’s still been challenging for introducotry conversatiosn where first impressions matter so mcuh, I think I’m getting the hngag of it for established relationships. I jsut sit down adn relax )as appoopsed tosanding with the mic and camera), letting things naturally flow out as if I’m resting to write a letter like this.

That’s one thing that’s walwyas brought me comfort iwth imy interactiosn in regulated and lumenatu commonutieis. I’m always jsut writing a letter o simple memo to a friend. That freind might be the colleagues I know today or someone awesome who pases uppon the work in the years to come.

Nontheless, it’s always jsut a letter, and I just find y own groove to sit down adn write my trusth. IT;s so simply to get hte words flowing out when I have the backup autorocrrest and peace of mind to know precisesly what I;M getting across based on extensive past reflection. Th EGAR letter is a great exmaple, outputting 64 pges of content in a week based on years of reasearch and developement.

### Recent Comments

Ive spent so much efofrt spelling out the problems with DTCC and others in past comments and startup pitches. Ilm sos very tired of epxlaining the joke of ede to everyone, and I hope to put htose efforts to a terminus with the updated WIkipEdia page. While I’m still happy to spell it out for Congross or other competatent regualtors, I just don’t find a strong return on time invested in communal explanations

It’s the unfortante reality of the scope of this challgne. It’s just not something most normal people can really do. Anyhting to fjciodsjfiodsjfiodjsiofdsjio
I think of Webb who’se got every resource and fact at his disposal, still unable to bring even the State regulators onto his side.

I sincerely hope the commercial incentive and presupposed income stream solve this challegne on the TAD side. If we can jst have enogh to support even a basic allocation of reasonable time amongst a mass of interested people, I nkow we can achieve our goals. And man I want ot get them across the governance finish line.



## Freedom

I’ve thought a lot about freedom lately, epseially because it could be some time until we have it .I sincerely appreciate the leeway my early trading profits granted me to persue all this. It’s allowed me to look past the traditional compounding of reltively minescule wealth in favor of the much grander poicture of comprehensive finanical market innovation.

I oubt I’d have a fraction of my thoguhts if I found my career ensnared inthe central suckling entierpeises of yesteryear’s overfed harvest. I think RC siad it best when explaing how the corporatio nruns on its own cpiatla nad treats reserves with due sparing care accordignly. To ahve that feeling that its your whole self at stake, which Ive been gripign with all these years of requests frmo outside capital.

But those early profits have methe resoures and conviction to stick to my guns, and now is the moment fo it all to ome to pfruition. It might be half a year until amteria lchanges, but it’s all cementing in place right here and now.  I’ve found great solace in simply follwing my past work towards my original vision, eas exmplifiedi nthe central reconstruction of the Syndicate’s GitHub rdescirption bduring outsidef unfrasiing interest before ultiamtely conforming back to the original vision of a decentralized stock transfer protocol (fo gloal ifinanicial markets).

That’s been nice, because Ive come to understand that hte foudnign vision of a central viewpoint often contains its core dictums. The trusthns desired in a fina produt, after all the review and adoption amendments neccesary for mainstream use. And Im glad we did finally end up on the open standard the market needs so dearly.





I;Ve given teh SEC and the communtiy a clean slate, and I think thats sick as shell. There is no better starting base they Ould have than TAD3. It’s the path I beleive wouldve helped humanity progress so much in the years since alternative proporietary leadership decisions out for gain.








### The Beat and the Broken

Since the start, I’ve always felt on this side of the social group, and it was exceptionally reassuring to see this viewpoint affirmed in _Read Write Own_. To know that this outsider perspective forms the core of much distrumptive innovation brings me happiness beyond reprise. I’ve just always felt seperated from all the action ,adn finalyl that becomes a beneficial hidden sniper rifle form the corner of the room rather than a lonely burden.

It’s been suchan incredible journey to this point, and I heartfully anticipate what we create together next. These rleationships areound me are q holw new wold of joy that I can;t wait to expand andenjoy. IM finally at peace with some basdasses helping my bring grand visions alive   💜




