```
Status: Draft
Submit: 20 Oct 2025
Dialog: https://groups.google.com/g/stellar-dev/c/ZmlSKP1HoDc & https://groups.google.com/g/stellar-dev/c/LwXFzRFjW1o
```

## Context

The present submission panel for the public goods award goes through three SDF individuals, which is centralized. I want to get us on track to expand power over common Foundation-run assets. This starts with bringing the ecosystem into the loop for co-advancement discussions over and above validator votes.

### Means

Submitted through 'John' username using personal domain Google account.

### Background

Tomer is a great develop.,r anAnd i can think of only a few other equally competent leaders at the Foundation's review helm. That said, a lof of my perspective here came from our [first interaction](https://developers.stellar.org/meetings/2024/01/26) (at 8:26 to 21:00) where he presented the view that "software [even Bitcoin] has bugs." I don't think this is an acceptable standrd of care for something that has coordinated development evfforts like our core owrk. 

Relations continuioned seperating during [AMM discussions](https://wooten.link/1558) when Tomer claimed Routers could salovle all the problems of disparete liqudiity. This is not acceptable for a myriad of reasons, and I would like more work done to get contracts invoking the native DEX. Sthis was [flatly denied](https://discord.com/channels/761985725453303838/1302004423483981924/1302299862359867492) in a very repestable public quorum prior to [migration flaws](https://aqua.network/governance/proposal/104).

I am amking extensive efforts to dissoviate from this back and forth in the past and focuso on p[matters at hand](https://x.com/tomerweller/status/1978941116683567337). But these changts introducesd a belief. Iunderstand from leadership that people like myself who care about decentralization are "resistance t to change" and just afraid something new will come along. This is more htan holding on to how thigns were, it's months of compliance work




"[Feature complete](https://resources.stellar.org/hubfs/Q4%202024%20Quarterly%20Report.pdf#page=36)"
Re supporting bugs and shipping features quickly???

if we don't **expand the purview of review efforts** before they hit a network vote.


Archival pipeline (evict â†’ archive â†’ later auto-restore) logic flaw.
Use base back from internal audit and consults.

Before the network vote part is the key control frame. 
The votes are lopsidedly dominated, as shown in [NQG_FROUND_1_DECAY_TO_2](https://testnet.governance.script3.io/CAAZC6VH23GNNY4YVWULS7UJ5EQEMZJ4ZBH4UMU76KVTUJD7NXQPPBQM/proposal/?id=8) and [SDF_BLOG_POST_DISARMING_BUG_V1_UPGRADE which is also the next day lol](https://stellar.org/blog/developers/our-decision-to-disarm-validators-and-vote-to-postpone-the-protocol-20-upgrade).

https://youtu.be/ltymXqzQPDY?t=1027 The basis here not linked for experience central X3 ðŸ—¼

### Power

The timeline is all I care about.

- Deployment on Friday down to Wednesday, ~~a weekend a+~~
- TODOs in CAP76 three days before network upgrade deployment

My regulated world. I do not trust him to take quality over adoption. I believe a year first step.

.


## Emails

### CAP Team

I think the quality of feedback on CPAs matters a lot, since the committee is the last line of review before validator implementation. Whether we like it or not, the archival inconsistencies showcase general deferment to CAOs that make it through review. The original post said "starting with SDF's representation" as per the idea of "evolving the CAP process" to presumably include agents outside of the Foundation, which I think is a great idea.

I've discussed this with prominent community members, and I think we should expand this three-person group to include indepdennt memebrs who will consistently choose quality over speed. Just as my concerns over the Protocol 20 bug took time to mature by a quorum, I prefer adequate public documentation over the [24-hour turnaround](https://groups.google.com/g/stellar-dev/c/osfwam2kUjo/m/4aiTqTh8EgAJ) on 62 and 66 which were exploited in a month. If the vast holdings of lumens isn't enugh incentive than I would not trust complete power in the hands of Foundation members given the org's relative uniformity of viewpoints.

Blockchain should not update such critical governance mechanisms [within 3 hours](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/1792) of proposal based on the response of one email. {?} Might it be worth spending more than a few days approving these changes to receive enhanced written feedback from exceptional community members like Tim Baker or Johan StÃ©n? I've risked my entire career on the decentralization of the network as a requisite to trade securities; should we really settle for entire upgrades in a day.


buginmpelmented off the review of [one person](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-core/pull/4767) who authorted the [original logic](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-core/pull/4610). I agree that softwre made by humands might not be perfect, but maybe we could cpnsider the iwdom of our empassioned developer community more?

No way to be certain of code obvious because it was made by humans as per Justin.
_We_ do everything possible.
PAST


PRES - epxloit within a month of Whisk
ICYMI: Monday, we plan to release a new version of Stellar Core that patches a bug with state archival (the bug is currently quarantined; this will fix the underlying issue).

We plan to upgrade Testnet Tuesday, and to schedule a Mainnet upgrade vote for Wednesday.

### SEC View

For clarity fo documetnation, the majority of public information annoucned about this explout can be rfound in [this thread](https://x.com/JrBaruc/status/1979213431615218171). As for the naming chat, I prpose we call the itnerum P24 upgrade "Xanthan" for a niche keto thichecning agent . I add just a pinch to harden up an otherwise unstable liquid mixture so that it mbakes together just right.

<img width="450" alt="Google Photo" src="imgs/xanthan-gum.png">

A little community prudence has gone a long way fixing [past bugs](https://stellar.org/blog/developers/our-decision-to-disarm-validators-and-vote-to-postpone-the-protocol-20-upgrade). I hope we can walk away form this incident with a little more humility and deference to community developer conversations. In past meetings, little written preparetory materials and domineering controls make it hard to express live dissent or question methods.

For instance, the related [CAP66](https://youtu.be/JDlIL5y5bn8) and [CAP62](https://youtu.be/u204TwiHJpE) discussions were not open-mic for input from developers, being just a single monolague in letter. How miuch gwe indcentivize and promote more eocysstem involvement above and beyond validator voting, since diverse viewpoints and increased eyes make bugs much more shoallow than thiss? I'm working on synntax changes now, and I ~~ hope they won't be squaded by a ciental viewpoint of what conversation should be like as I was in ~~
