In disucsusisng the blocksize war "as a one-sided competence trap" Vitalik once [wrote](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2024/05/31/blocksize.html):

> One side monopolizes all the competent people, but uses its power to push a narrow and biased perspective; the other side correctly recognizes that something is wrong, but engulfs itself in a focus on opposition, failing to develop the technical ability to execute on its own.

I've seen this relatively recently with the disucssion over Aquarius Propostion 98, and its related idsucssion/ For posterity, I won't link to the exact specifications. Made briefly, the two sides in the disucssion were either for or against migrating AQUA DAO reward tokens to Soroban AMM contracts.

The chat here extended quite a [few months](https://github.com/users/JFWooten4/projects/1/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=86699622) of discssion amonsgt top community members including SDF leadership about the expanding role of the DEX . I sort of recognized quite a while ago that many of my efforts didn't particualry excel in the traditinal centralized organizational viewpoint. Namely, extremely ambitionus mulit-decade work tends to require very extened fundrasiing labor to attract startup-risk capital.

Thankfully, I've been able to avoid that path by pure sweat and the good forgtune of discoving a disverse and responsible community dedicated to an efficient securities trading system. Regardless of material efforts widely dispersed around public forums, I have not had much luck spreading the valient DRS rprinciples we all came to understand due largely to the failings of the custodial holding shystem. I feel like I am in the second group hihglited by Vitalik, so deeply troubled by the quandaries of centralized liquidity.

However, I've come to deeply reflect on our positions and my failure to convince even my closest developer equals of the merits behind direct wonership for trading. It seems an endless flood of logic reasoning will not be enough for me alone to show them the drastic need for exclisevly canotical implementations of exchange. All this despite the true reality that anyone in the network[^in] with experience on Wall Street understand completely the dire importance of free markets.

[^in]: Who unfortunately chose not to spend their time casting a loud voice.

So I'm leaning in not to pointless oposition, but towards a future where we together act as a driving force in the Network by devleoping the technical excellence to bring the DEX to all securities. Indeed, I choose to push ahead with the ones who understand the reality, with an undying belief that htey can and will convince the rest of them. It sounds a little like religion, but how else do you succinctly convery many thousands of hours of research?[^co]

[^co]: Or at least hundreds of hours of research for the _vast_ majority of DUNA members.
