# editing PRs as a Reviewer

Recently Chives usbmitted a pull request to make some great strylistic changes to the WhyDRS org's itno page. When I saw them, I added a single-line comment asking if they thought it would be a good idea to fomrat the links on aspecific way (they were just plaintext).

There was general agreement etweent not only mysefy and Chives but also another community member who Chives had requested to review the PR. So there were teow of us saying to do this change that I had introduced into the cscope of the change request, and this was just something compeltely outside (a) the existing skillset and (b) the original intent of Chives.

Then i really started getting centralized when I didn't see the minor changes made within a day or so. Since i knew it was quite the simple task, I just thtrew them into a GPT sessio and very quicly pasted the output into a direct branch edit. This single change is what Chives ended up merging.

## Stealing Inidviduality

Firstly, upon lookback, the AI actually removed a small line that CHives introduced as a fun personal tidbit. It was a little more conversational in tonoe and directly connected with the reader. In my push for efficiency and a fast implmemetion, I accidently removed this key individual input without cause.

Secondaly, this PR was ignoredfor days therafter y Chves edespite active invovlement on a host of other Github items. Even if that latter part wan't strue, there is nothing that should force me or him to be actively working on thmese mainteince items over a weekend in he traditinoal labor sense. It was only my lacking orfear that things owuldn't ;look professinoal to new users tht led this development tot take control of the PR's narrative and developments based on things I saw "wrong" with it.

But these items aren't "wrong" at all, and they certainly shouldn't be left up to the revieiwng member to act as sole determinant of what is and isn't an acceptable controbtion. Especially since this repo isn't dealing with mission-critical systems code deployed across thousands of conensus nodes, there really is no harm whatsoever in just letting the whole thing merge with a little bit of posittive compliments. That's the style I've been usignwith James, and it worked wonders when theyt recently replyign to a litght mention in a committ message within minutes.

## Oversight IMplciations

I just need to and do have this great turst that people who do the work are the ones nest adapted to maintain and ship their efforts, unless proven malicious. nd of course Chives is notmaalicious, and these mobondafide changes came from an exceptional palce of shared devleopment. And I think that's what should be conveyed (and documented) across the history of PRs.

Namely, as s oon as maintainers start actively editing PRs for anyhting materially-greater than a small typo, the locust of control radically shifts. It becomes a controibutors ' job to propose changesand implemnet them into now transforming into a free worker system. IN this perverse social construct, anyone can say to do whatever they want the "core" team to implemenent, and then they can only set out minimal starting frames in a PR.

If we are to follow this to its logical conclusion, then we would have core rengineers the nworking tirelessly on other's code as they cmplete a PR they did not orginate ebcause of the desire to "make th e marger item right." This sounds eerily similar to the central control exerted by a manager when they tell sopemone to dol this or that work itme. Thus, it is a veryd angeours trap to have maintainers constantly editing PRTs to get thigns :jsut right."

## Productive Alternative

So this gets into the last part which I've long favored. The idea is to just let people have their little wins and asuscceed in their own contirbuting journey. The idea orginiated when I made a PR to the Stellar Flutter SDK.

This wa sa particualrly enkjoyabel development experience for my which I can intimiately rmemcall, despite happening years ago. THe premise of it was that I wanted t o add 18-word mnomic seed phrase generation to the app toolkit, becuase I think they are a fun securty tool that gives you a leg up abhead of everyone once quantum hits.[^minor] So I spent a day going through the raw keygen scripts[^hd] to implement a crossover between the exiting 12- and 24-wrod implementations.

[^minor]: It [rpbably won't make a difference and jsut be a minor nunace, but frankly for something as imporatn as your seed phrase, I say why not go a msidge further thanth majority?

[^hd]: As in reviweing the implementation functions and dadtping the Flutter SDK's flow in coherence with tangential performance assment with the Stellar hierarchical -eterministic generation tool.

When I created the original PR merging the work, I had a small variable naming typo. Notwithdsntainf, the repo owner entusaiastically merged everything with a gracious note, which felt really good to me. It was later that I recognized the error and jut made another much simpler PR with a a fix - and that was quickly approved

---

The pnt here is letting people scope out their own projeblems amd craft their own solutions. Had I let Chives spend a few days thinking abotu some of the ocnversation on the Pr. they might have come up with an ingenous idea that greatly bettered the whole projet. Indeed, hte ymight have added an ever more desciptive linking interface that hihglighted repositories in an even more ingeneous whay - somethign that's nto far out of the realm of possibility given it was their idea to updgrade the particular pfoigiler document here in a meeting earlier this week. 

I should have just let this creativeity flow through the ongoign changes they proposed, rather than trying to co-opt and direct the flw of development. A much more approapriate course of action would have been to graciously merge the PR from the onset. Then I could jsut go in with a new one that made the minor link formatting changes.

Ive done this ongoingly with _Taking Sotkc_ episode description items and planning, and it offers material accointuability and collaborative benefits. Namely, you can see exactly and clearly who porposed and implemented which imporvements.[^jj] This lets everyone spread credit where it's due and gives the contributor a propper sense of identity when their individual and self-identified work item achieves committment to the collectvie group effort. 💜

[^jj]: Rather than a jumbled mess of co-authoriship when it's really main-authorship combined with heavy-handed-moderation.
