Recently I was thinking about the responses from Stellar core dev in re updating some doucmentation stylization. Namely, they commented that only programmatic syntax enforcement can create longer-term change. Indeed, they seemed unconvinced that a style guide may offer the answer to synchronization across that particualr central developer rpeository.

This hit me extremely hard, especially given the recent actions where I've explicitly asked people to do things or even go faster. I think one of the core tennants of all this is freedom inherent in people making thier own choices on a decentralized basis. The premise behind all grassroots euntrpreneurship seems to be the core tennants revealed by Adam Smith which are so deeply interwoven into social normas that have exosted for centuries./ I remember seeing some of the super old forms of money,m protery, and authorirty in the Zurick Money Muserum.

THe cdeclarative takewasy for me was that you can't jhust force a single, unanmous, or monolithic system onto people. Rather, it is the facts and circumstances of their situations which can guide them towards uncovering a local solution themselves. Because it's really only when someone has buy-in or control over the decision-making process that they might truly accept, appreciate, and further final results.

## On footnotes

I was thinking abtou this when drafting some footnote references in the TAR commetn with `href` URLs. Refrence websites, files, docs. Whatever you want to call them, I notmally just shorthand down to `href`.

I thought abount asking the ocmmunity how they would format the notes, so that we might all come together to find the one best answer. But for something as intimate as creative artistry, diction, and flow itself&mdash;it just doesn't seem like a declarative "policy" gives members the most freedom. Namely, I felt copltely deflated and invalidated of my self-expression in the origin convo when my creative/artsy merge PR name was changed to something dry and lengthy.

Perhpas the best path ahead is leaving the immaterial choices directly with the people themselves. Giving them th epower to forge their own slight improvements int he system. And then, if something requires a more expansive discussion, empowering peopel to get the ball rolling based on their perspective, work, and passions.

## On labor

I think we have an extremly unique opporuntiy by movign all development onto GitHub as free software. I'm excited for the possabilities  of building the first company that might not even run payroll because of metiocratous, decentralized, and  open community governance. God I just think it will be so helpful to society at large.

Part of it might seem challenging to outsiders at first. But I belive so wholeheartedly in the human spirit, enginuity, and integrity.  I've seen firsthand what self-directed individuals can do with minimal "invisible hand" motivations, and I thnk evereything will get a while lot better once we can make that a more explicit contributor valuation.

I remember the Warren Buffet clip where he says he'd pay a million bucks for ten percent of your future career's earnings. I think the untapped capital stock in people is much higher than that, and it seems decentralized systems are the only way to capture and then equitably distribute that value without a rent-seeking middleman. And the policy implications just seem to best align the grander move ofr shared progress over isolated self-interests.
