# Division of ALabor Introductions

The [S-D723 comment](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/723#issuecomment-2410026689) has gotten me thinking grealty about specialization recently. It's also culminated in my efforts to [upgrade to Ubuntu](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/723/commits/f83f4ade7f9f09b2be52b10e4fa19e43c1f03623) based on the strong community of free open-source development [there](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWUFvhKuc_5tyXSbPpLqNIk7bEW8tXELb). And yet even that is a link centered around one single person's actions.

Namely, I've been extensively contemplating how to remove myselff from the narrative and give power, voice, and influence back to the ocmmunity itself. I shouldn't have soem pricevedled role because indeed nboody has a speical privaleig to think, to work, or to grow. It is precisely this individual soveringty and freedom that I see so paramount oto our long-term success.

Along those lines, I've been tdeeeply reflecting on the requisite advocacy towards our cause throghout the Stellar ecosysmt lately. Be it community disucssions, effortful posts, or direct deve,opments&mdash;all of which are themselves fulfilling and further our just common goals. Notwithstanding, it's certainly begun to feel like some serious work, which I'm just fine with and welcome.

## Transparent, Direct Policy Development

That said it's been so refreshing going throgh the SEC;s EDGAR Next response in the final rule. I have so much faith and trust in the good peole hiding away in the Agency and ready to invoke great change in these power-centric markets. It is only a burden of time on us to share with them how investor's belive the furutre of markets ought look like.

Then, just as they conformed to Wall St's operations in the very early days, we can see policy developed around the needs, practices, and aspirations of Main St&mdash;as in the people markets were actually supposed to serve in the first place. Indeed, I've been feeling much too similar to an adam smith or such latelry. I still miss trading, but it's with a hint of bittersweetness rather than longing now. 🫂

That said, I sincerely appreciate the number of community members that have shared how I can present very contigous arguments with taft in the face of hostile opposition, interests, and worldviews. It is along these lines that I was extensibly contemplating future interactions in from of Congress again, planning for sharp rebuttals to their central-planning arguments. That's when I stumbled over the 9/11 argument again in my mind.

## American Freedoms, Outdated Technology

When this travesty hit, clearing and settlement was still in the early stages of digitizations, dematerializations, and modernizations. I;ve seen their corporate protpoganda tout this event as a moment of "patriotism" and "courage" for the organization as they "rushed back to support our great markets." Along these lines, I considered just now recording a video voicing my opinons on the subject.

Namely, I wanted to emphasize greatly the magnitude of this event and ackholedge wholheartedly any and all victums in any way related thereto. Next, I simply haveto start my rebiuttal. It is only due to the centralizty of DTC's computer systems, the georgraphy of their physical paperwork, and the locality of the rich and powerful that emergency operations had to get established in the heart of the damage.

Indeed, ut for the vast monoplization of clearance and setltment systems into one all-powerful entity, this tradjecty would have hadd no or minimal effects on the underlying market infrastrucutre, as it quite clearly should in a digital era today. Reduant operations and such are trivial, and yet they still patrol and harass those walkingthe sidewalks around their datacenters. And indeed, it is only because of their tight control over the market's standards, their blanket secretecy as to internal operations, and their questionable manipulateion and ultimate bastadrization of regulated policies that these items are even of damaging risk.

## A CAll for Decentralization

Indeed, if we might agree that markets out operate fairly for all in the modern context, then the blockchain solution seems inevetable. I understand and appreciate that Wall St used to be a specialized club avaliable onyl to a select few, and thus the vast inneficiencies were admissable because it was only the wealthy paying willingingly in a free market for their operations. But it has warped into someing much more central to the savings and retirmenets of maasses of people. 

In this context, it doesn;t seem right for a select frew middlemen to selectively control such work. And idndeed it is unjust to grant them the censorship, extraction, and access powers so dearly evidednt in their trusted central role. Clearly, this is osmething I care very deeply about.

But when I thought about making thsi into a video, it became abundanly obvious in my mind that a propelr delivery would require sincere tact and carefulnesss, so as to seperate the Wall St operatational argument iwth the AMerican democracy patiortism aspects inhereint in disucsssing the event. And indeed, I found it not ideal to highlight such a tragic in the first place . While I thought about doing thiese myself or even through Wooten Wealth, i relized that hte end prouce would tak a material amount of ongoing collaboration and sincere editing work outside the scope ofa simple webcam capture.
