I've had a very interesting last few months going extremely hard into very late nights for preparations to the Commission. On the tail end of this phenomenon, I've found myself awake at day's end and beyond within the confines of my worn self-directed work. It was under these circumstances that I had a pretty interesting thought, to the extent one can proclaim the self-assured quality of their own perspective.[^1]

The basis for these thoughts comes from the generalized MLP understanding that (of course) friendship is magic. If we truly live those sentiments, then human interaction is a beneficial necessity in long-term growth. Indeed, Kayla reminded me of this recently insofar as prompting me to continue chatting with people because that is how business "goes."

Aside from elementary fiat implications, I affirm this perspective in the sense that there is literally no point in doing "this" or anything meaningful alone. It's always been inspired by the impact on other people, and of course it is other people that will contribute the meaningful supermajority of work to bring any vision into reality. And so no matter how much it strains my reserves, I'm going for a conversation with someone each day to expand my horizons and keep the ball rolling _together_ so that we all get a big win.

The fact of the matter is systems built by the majority outperform schemes devised by the few. While the latter might do well at immediate profit, the former stands as the bastion of social organization. It's collaborative policymaking that stands as democracy's pillar of independent freedom, because that process allows for the unity to stand tall.

I don't want to sound too patriotic here, although I did enjoy some bratwurst yesterday with little American flags in them. I still maintain great reservation over the institutional indoctrination of our youth into a system of blind subservient direction by the few. And even encompassing a whole swath of individuals as "our" in a nation-state context...

Lot of challenges to solve there, and all in due time. Anyway, what I can comfortably write on here with the daily fuel so far of a single cup of coffee revolves around scheduling. And I suppose you can tell my mental bandwidth on the basis of that ridiculous passive sentence.[^2]

The core of the idea revolves around time zones, whereby we are all really spread out. That was quite obvious to me from the early days where I decided it would be quite challenging to hire and centrally coordinate everyone in the Stellar ecosystem who had the technical basis to develop TAD3. And it's a key driver into asynchronous working arrangements.[^3]

For some time I've been developing this concept of the "God" in one's mind as a representation of their interpretation of reality, the shared experience we enjoy on Spaceship Earth. A central concept of this perspective revolves around the mind as a signaling mechanism, as established by Hill. Relevant here, we have legitimate energy in our thoughts manifesting.

I've found this energy to traverse the ether to bring a next necessity into my life. At least that's my interpretation of my own facts and circumstances. Under this light, I'd like to introduce broadly two discussions I've had in the last 24 hours which are deeply related thanks to my own established prior work and active outreach after building common footing.

The first is many weeks of discourse with a fucking awesome developer I sponsor. The conversation, including voice chats, led to a quite useful overview of their community-fund experiences, which we've been chatting about for at least three months. This prompted them to divulge exceptional information with great use at 5–6am ET when I was on the tail end of my awakeness.

Critically, I needed to prod and guide the conversation to reveal this information, and I interpret the interaction to have been quite time-sensitive, to the extent that some details probably wouldn’t have come out if they had not also stayed up really late. They are in a relatively different time zone, but not something crazy like the Asia-Pacific. I have particular experience on the forex side staying awake into that timezone to interpret market reactions broadly influenced and intensively generated by other nation-states.[^4]

By staying up for that discussion, I set up the context I needed to reach out to Pasta this morning. Immediately, they connected me with someone else at DCG which led to us scheduling a meeting for 5:30pm ET later today. Now here's where things get a little crazy in my mind.

I have been generally sleeping from 3pm–midnight these last few days. Some days I wake up earlier, but generally it's at least five hours of passing out due to exhaustion in the late afternoon. Had I continued this trend today, there is a 100% chance I would be dead by 5:30pm ET.

Also relevantly, I leave office tomorrow at 8am ET. This is the absolute last day I could have this conversation within the review period needed for the Anke work. And the call time was proposed by them, which broadly I never feel comfortable suggesting a different time than someone specifically recommends because then it takes them out of a comfortable place.

After some birthday-cake Oreos, I made the choice to try and get some sleep this morning so that I didn't pass out during travel arrangements with Kayla, presumably at the expense of morning efforts. But at that point I was so juiced up it was kind of crazy, and I could tell my reasoning faculties had went out the window after an unexpected stranger stopped me during my walk in the park to chat for an hour at 1am. Lol that was definitely something interesting, especially since I would count it as my one conversation between a sleeping period of at least four hours (my definition of a "Day").

So, the sleeping really worked out because now I have this call at the proper time and I will be able to eat a reasonable lunch without relying on external adrenaline! It gives me the setup I need to properly document and respond to everything that happens 👍. I just appreciate that things work out when you let natural tendencies take their course, which is why I largely steer away from any over-the-counter meds.[^5]


[^1]: Lol, I had a pretty helpful chat lately with ChatGPT, directly asking it to affirm my worldviews. Albeit this was based on extensive psychological research into certain Asperger's trends. I've made a lot of progress in identifying my EQ thresholds, which I think work well now with one discussion with anyone other than Kayla per day, ideally later in the day so as not to throw me off schedule for a whole day thinking about implications and decompressing.

[^2]: I've been in overdrive working to help WhatCan on the upcoming petition, so please bear with me. I was quite disappointed to need sugary snacks last night (this morning) as fuel to keep myself functioning. I am exploring keto meal delivery kits, but they all maintain the untenable challenge of spending hours cooking every week.

[^3]: Social norms which critically maintain the decentralized permissionless evidence in open-source work. I had the pleasure of discovering someone working directly on human-organization science thanks to recent introductions by Kirk and Bob. It was insanely reassuring to see someone else draft their thoughts through public sticky-notes :)

[^4]: _See, e.g.,_ public interactions more recently with Johan on the community front, mimicking this discussion timeframe. They have also been a passionate advocate for asynchronous or at least 24-hour communication windows between community members. Thanks to my hectic sleeping arrangements, I've also been able to have productive meaningful synchronous text chats with them, in the sense that you most certainly receive better feedback on publication intake when conversing at someone's local time so as to make them feel "special" by getting to live on the "bleeding edge" of a published communication.

[^5]: For instance, Kayla got some melatonin gummies at Costco, which I could've easily taken any of these last days or weeks to knock myself out. However, doing so would be a central control over the body's natural response to the world around me. Accordingly, I prefer to allow decentralized neural responses within my cells to control my active decisions.
