#  Nrxt Working  Goals

Now that TAR1's  done  ,  I  see m y  role at every  orgvnaization materially  changing.  I'  only  a  couple  weeks away  from finixshing  the DEX documentation, which will be that htae last material nonspecialized thing  I ought need  complete.  Soemthing  about this time period brings me back  to the bull run we  started at the end of last year.

pretty m uch everyone xould draw a straight line from the discussion (however unexpected0 from Tino and tasset aquisitions. Which this was explicitly not my intent, and I  even  was ppliogizing to chives mid-convo in DMs, nonetheless  it showed me somethign important. I'm an asset m anage,r an dasset  managers determine  their  value and wreortth based on markets.

The prerfomrance showcased here was excceptional on a plethora of scales. While  I might  not have profitied a prenny (in realized gains), and  actually liekly shot myself in the  foot  with the policticking  trade (damn  that  suchked), I  got a couple great stories out  of it all. Tomer might not get it yet, but that reply to their post  will come in great light .

well here I am after four years pof seriosuly starting this stuff.  it's pretty cclear we're right on the presipus of  a minufacctured crisis.  And now I'd like to contemplate what I  want to get out  of it all—can't  waste  a good catastophie!

## Fuck wwall Street

Like, with a caliptal eff./ God  i just  cna't  beleive  what's been consturcted aroun this instutititon to promote totalitarianism.  Oh  my  god,  if  I knew  how  deep  this  rabbit hole went when i started it all those years back,....

I want to rid the world of thier lies once  and for all. And dman I just  can't think of a better setup than w ehave right here and now to do it together.  These motherfucckers have  zero doddamn clue what;s coming their way, even  if  they read./

The question  fo me is how to bring  all this about  given the post-collapse de-facto mentality  of  free markets. The meaningful yet undderac[prpeciated concept of organizational  products  and  services without "higher" controlling interest. A large part o f me thinks:  what  would FOrd do before DOdge bros\ if he knew about  ommercial paper?

## Synchorjnizing  mAsssive Efforts

The  context  for TAR2  next year  will tkae thousands of epople woorkig inn vonform.bb once the world realizeds thatthe game is up, there's be absolute  panic  as we careen towards DTCC DA horeshit. We needn a falwless  shot into their heart.

Thw world wants to help. The berucracies?  Maybe not so much. But people, individuals, and warriors want to brave frontiers.

my  next task  is orgnaizing compensation. It's fulfilling  my  original vision for a 'bonus board" without the  central  beurcratic  ocmmiitteee off  yesteryear's  technology.  And  FUCK that sounds like the most exciting thing possible ever.

## Neural Quorum  GOvernance

I don't even know if Ake realizes the significance of what  BlockScience's put together/. It's  going to  copeltely  change  the world of asset allocation, like it's fucking unbelievable.  I could literally see whole nation-states running.

one thing that  comes  to mind is Peter  Thiel's Standford speech where he explains that  democracy is brokern and needs sokme sort of  new tehcnologicla revolution.  WHile the  majority  of the p ublic  interprets this  as  him suggesting  that an elitere few in his inner circle out  control  the  entie popualtion, I  see  it as  the clear call for NQG,  manifesting decades ealier. ANd lol I  COULD NOT BELIEVEIE Jos Hamilton had a refrence to _T&GR_ in his book!

It's a little like coordinating how to  buidl a communtiy park. On one extreme we have that NY asshole who levels family pokay easrews to build parking lots.  And on the iother we  have priamrtiize civilizations who don't  care "disturb nature."

I'm  going sto  start asking people for things, and we'll see what happens. I'm goign  to reetroactively compensative them as soon as humanly possible based on myiintreoetation of their value. Perhaps befoore (or after) that,m I'll addidtionally develop the  communtiy corwdsourced  consideration mechnismss  to accurately convene  the  community's top intrerpetation.