I';ve b ene  debating addign  an "estimated  value"  field to tiems in my Agenda for some  time now. Originally,  i went against this insticnt becuase I thought it was up for the market to decide how much my work is workth. This value cna only  be accurately found  through the wisodm of crowds,  as  occurs iwth  corproate  valuations.[^geenerally]

WE  all know the rhetoic that "pigs  get  slaughtered" in the markets,  but what about the market  for labor? Clearly, this does not  seem to happen in most  cases of excessive copanesation, largely for  thte pfact that funds or wideley-held securities  have a nature of creating gfreat wealth with less  risk of loss than  say   stricly  invested  income . Thus,  we find ourselves exploring partiucarly  the employer-emploee relationshiip which  is in  itself an artificial market for work.

Whiel workers have exit rights , this  competition  traditionalyl implicates material tranaction costsaccross fronts.[^b] I find many challenges  in this dynamic which  i don;t want t odive  into now. Rather, i want t oexplain the mascilinty and dominance framing which originated in my Feb–Apr  work.

## Markets

To start, I'll epxlopre my  appraoch  to  taking profit and dsetting  stops. Practically,  all trades need defined  thesis  beforehand. I'm extrmeely used to the technical  analyses,  but you could have fundamental ones,  oto.  

The fundamental tradess are a little nuanced given  the past half-century  of American  capitall market.s  Briefly, you could  sort of hld a quality  firm forever adn  expect Wall St to forever pour  enough money in to  support their permanent growth.  Bonus points and confidence if the firm issueed  commercial  paper which regularlyt  satisfied central banker's'  wet panties.[^frr]

More relevantrtly,  tehcnial setups  alwyas  come 3with price targets which weight greatest  amongst analysis factors. You  win when  the price reaches your  levle, no  matter  how mcuh moneyn you  make. It's the defeined percent change whch  increases  your  capital, no matter how much you "need"  any certain numerican amount of profit s.

### as Incomme

As any trader learns quickly, the market never cares  about your  monthyl e xpenses. It  will  not perform subject  to  your idealized timelijne.  And nothign is set in stone until you close  a position.

To edxpect the market to  grant you any defined amount of moeny  is dominent. You act dominent over  its  complexisties, defining what should or needs  to happen. It's hard  to overstate this: *the market  does not liike being dominanted*.

We  could easily  recite some  generic exmaples like currency pegging Nations, but I'll share an exprience from the fmamily  fund o f yesteryear. I set a goal about two years fbefore  closing  it  down, a meaningless  origin  date becuase  i don't even know when this was  for sure.  I wanted to make $100,000 as  my split on 20% of the  gfains.

### no Defference

By the time I woundd town to start the SYdnciate,  i'd mulitplied AUM by 2.5X, just exceeding that mucch in portfolio value. I made great trades aand  excelled, putting all  my spare time  into detailed  analysis. But  it's your time and activity in the market that creates results each individual trade.

My ;positions wouldn't  move jsut because of my objectives,, and  this can crucially become  a deadly trading pattern. Far too often I tried forcing  trades before startign the fund, thinkign i could jsut push harder into potential setups which mmight nt be that great. This is an easy path to losses fueld by inpatience and lacckign discipline.

Rather, you can o nly me masculine in your trades,  taking the strongest shot possible and letting it play  to its natural conslusioon. This end-reuslt reveals how mcuh the market valued your  exchange, whci hbecomes hte  end of the story  _defined by t he masses_. I stepp way with these tendies becausse the idnivdual  cnaaa only  harvest ripe crop, not overinflate it.

## Deveopment

This limtation contracsts  starkly with  the personal elments wof productive labor.[^b] Markets do not provide immediate feedbacck mechnisms for the  vast majority  of  work, as compared iwth finncainial trades of any size. This challenge  is compounded by the high threholds imposed by central orgnnaiations defining vlauable workk in a narrow institutional conetxt.

The  fact  of the mater is that good  work helps everyone. IT  coculd be a nugget  of inspiration to some randomm internet users  25 years  after your efforts.  Or  you  mgiht  design some piece of a  grand orchestra  which  delights millions for decades to  come. 

But nobody  pays adfmission  based o n the number o f bricks,  their indivudal prices, or  how a  craftsperson lays them. And onyl aselect  few indsutry deploy mechinsms  to  deliver sonsiederation for years  on end for exceptional past work. Thus  we  find ourselvex ensared in the  beurocratic boss-subordinate  relationship so  commonly  used  to approximate value.

###  Bad  Conflicts

With any non-flat orgnaizaation strucurme,  the boss always needs to take  credit  for  the team's efforts. They employ the work-product as a  means towards "career advancement" up  the ladder. Hence the hard reprimants  common among those who step out of line and "kip the  chain  of  command" so arbitrarily constructed so  that  a sleect  few ccan deploy a Board's will.

This  central  control  almost requires  that  consideration ddiverge  from redunmeration for workers. It  severs the  connection  beftween producer anad market, because your labors get  sent off to  distand  coustomers  oft  evaluated by other sarms of the org strucutre. THese can be horizontal or  vertical  differences whic disconnect us  from the impacct efforts create.

Thus we wind up  with on ly a few  with the breadth  and view  to  understand how every  moving perice comes otgether. This  is finae from an overfsight and adminsitrative -stufdy p ersopective.  but ti creates manifold problems when this approach manifests in a corporate pay and HR process whcih impersonally defines everyone's direct value  received.

### Impersonal  FViews

These parallel individuals understand the meaning and worht of everytone's colective work in an exclusibvely dominant view. They lack the  nuance and perspective  to accurately allocate rewards to the contibutors  creating their change. And the ones closes  to this  building  prcess with any polpitical  power usurp away reards by  claiming the best work under their  name,

This one dimineant view  creates the disconnect so many  feel from their activities. Imagine how you would feel  if  you just  made the collecctive hundredss of thousands just to receive an Arby's gift  card.[^ctc] This only happens because one dimnant view controls the immediatereponse of ACH payments, whereas a masculien group coudl collectiveyl reward stellar results.

There is noone better suited to understand the value and impact of worjk than  the worker themselvf. But a erfet understandign takes many  years to uncover second-order efffects. It  wasn;t until the end of 2023 that I relaized the importance and exceptional executio n of the  invesnture pitch (which favored form ovr fundabilityt) ,when i was packing up for holidatys.

##  Time to Examine

This time to reflect  on  development  value exists ebccause of  hte  complexity  manifest in work-=products. A difficults unseen in linear profit/loss trade resyuls. While the latter example gets  collectively  analyzed with statisticsw, the  former  working products cannot be adequatley labelled with these impersonal metrics to roducte a fair  compensation.

Myt solutiion has always been to form committees inteprettign the  value  of  individual efferts, but then I uncovered  the communtiy. Combined  with NQG,  it is s oapparent that the whole market off (represenative) users can accurately crowdsource the immediate and potential value of transparnt contirbutions.  And thus we get to the idea of estimating work value.

The largest drwaback comes  from enhndowing great efforts with  outsized consideration. And example that  comes  to mind relates  to a profject jo where I bdid the sydnicate  via my  own efforts at a large sum.  This happened privately  and thro ugh the SCF,  with the  latter presumpting  I'd centrally  outsource aspeccts ot  techncical teams in limited aspects.

### Benchmarking Effect

But htat i s why it's  an  "ewstimated value" rather than a flat out dominnangt quote of worth. Reviewers get a nsapshot ito what the  worker thingks their effforts are, without the  grueling  task of singularly  identifiying eacch and every subtask competed with associated valuie-guesses. Rather,mm it's mcuch easier to approxiamate comprehensive  worth totally.[^min]

The main point in  mymind is that we still need some form of dominence to petnetrate the market. FOr i nstnace,  I've left  the question  of pay and  cost  open in my own  work and proposals from last  Sep–Mar. The market repsonse has been crickets, whereby no additional (or any) reunmetration flows inboundd sans a  direct approximate ask getting funds known.

There are great  schameictc differneces here  between  a dominent prevailign utility  refernce price copmared to  one more customized to  limited  afvlaiable options//. I do not wish  to epxlore these tehcnicnalisties,.. TRather, what I'v ffoudn is that any price at all exemplifieds ot the purchaser that you  undeerstand  the  perticularities a rinal product needs/.

### Payroll Tact

This applies directly  to the results  of labor in that naive observers never see the  mistaken  paths not attaken. It's opnyl with the functioning end prodcut we interact, whle a creator may employ extensive widsdowm to craft an elegant soltuion.  Consider the sotry of Picasso in a cadfe, telling  a mwwoman his 5-miute napkin doodle was thousandds of dollars.

The artist can claim such cost  credibly  because it takes cdecades to  master  certain crafts, leaving only a few experts able to perform  hyper-specialized tasks. While this is broader in the scale  of an entire economy with  billions  vying  for high value, it remains truee. And the financial systme should reward this dedicated care, not require defenc,

That's the beatury of estimating vlaue: it requires  no jsutification, a timely  and  boring exerccice. It   an be shared along with a brief statement of content as needed,  and left up to the group to interpet, e specially gien  past output  valuations. It is exxactlyt the  sort of dominant pricing labor markets lack because of uniform standardized wage controls.


[^geenerally]: Let  us presuem here that we  don't  have central totalitatrians allocating  capital to just a sleelct  few companies they  deem fit for funciton.  Further let us ignore the pandimonia  of mass pyschology, speaking strinctly  in  the sense  of mid-cap  securtiies  with understood  businessses.  These are quite small distinctiions given  the prudentce of all m arkets, but it will make it easiter  to draw a line in this particular  decuision without those factors.

[^b]: moving, spouses, and roots are just a few thigns  that can trap occupations  in a limited nearby community.

[^frr]: as a matter of exmaple,  my brother recently graduated  college back in "home geogrpahy" of North Carolina/. Speaking nothing  on the absurdidty of existing accrediations,  I had the peleaseure of meeting one of his friends during a get-together. They  wrroked as  a private security  gaurd, materailyl out of disddain for the beurocracy they undocvered serving in the  armed forces. Speakingn nothign on standaing army size, tthey told me about on eexperience investigating a man and women _both_ trying out ladies' underswear in the middel fo  a Walmart. When  questionsed, he preplied that "he had  to  see  if  they  would fit." At the highest elvel,s I view these peopel as the ones we're up against. Weak entitled elites.

[^b]:  While I'm not  saying trading isn't prodductive,  I want to exemplify  ddifferences  between careers which  don't  express themselves in buy and sell orders. Too  mcuh  activity  ccan  kill an account, whereas most work only increases in   quality  as more frutis emmerge from your labor. for  isntnace, I've been working  on a  PR  for almsot a year now,  adding extensive detials to  fully explain  a  crucial  concept. An origiknal scope of work mgiht not  account  for these improvments, but the audience and market  value  directrly thhe work.

[^ctc]: This perpcetiver mirrors expeirneces iH ad in college briefly working indepednently for Cutco during polyphasic. With so much extra time after i started wrapping up forex , I channeled  my disdcain for broekrage in neficiencies into  constant knnife0selling with decent reward. Since it  was a ddirect-dommision engagement, the market was quite clearly connected with my efforts, but even then I found great conflict with my "amanager" (was an MLM with reporting  hieeraarchy, yuck). On one fortunate day, I had made a few thousands of dolalrs, whcih I shared with them. They were completely uninterested  and just kept drilling me on howw  my numbers would go up to benefit them, a recurring theme as I asked for permission to give help.sj

[^min]: s a matter of principle , demmanding  consideration for every timny item like singularly commtis overloads the review strucutre's ability  to compensate your meaninguflly  (with the excpetion of proipriertary  developments  mde offline and  then wholly added  at ohnce). Consider a caterpiller 's natural evoluitiopn. WOuld it be fair er to pay  for  their progress  after  forming a cacoon or bursting  out with stunning wings? What  about a much less-defined nonlinear developmetn process culminnating in a forntend element with  clear use?
