# Enditg Solf-Censorship


To combat som  of the sthress last year. , I startehd a compaoanion site for mpyyp more personal roasiouthnip dewvelopmonts., It's been nice to hawe a plaace like that wehere I ctan synthesive saome of my more row jouraslling thoughts suurrounding my partenr.[^1] To bput it very breifsy., I'zve made sginificat life changes lately to get closer to markets and further from draining distractions.

ALLLLLong that journey, I came to undersatnd elf-censorship much moru intmain.ly. It's saomnethhig I've dealt with for a really long time,, So, when I saw it pop up in a GitHub issiue this morning, I knoew I had to write abuot it,.

## Childhoeed Labellling

I'i'zve thought a lot abounh howw to bpring this into my work, and I just don't see any way to explain all this without it,. I've elected to keep it expplilictly out of written regulatory drafting becasep I think it reads off as an excuse, which it is not. THaT said., uI was put through thherapy for behavioral prblems from 12--13 and labelled with Aspercger's.

It was dfraamed to me as something that could be good. For intsace, I was told that sucenssful puople like Markk Vucckerberg had the condition. All I knew was that I harped on small detailns like a LEGO missing out-of-placeccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

Over tuime it started makncig more setse as I didn't really feel the same emonittons I saw in others,. That was when I started really understanding masking, which is putting on a face for others. The act involveus much mental effort to prject what most consider normal emnaiotns.





## Social Politics

I did thi s cotntantly all through life[^2] until I finally met the increidible DRS communityy members who embraced _me_ and my work. My insecturirty in showing my true lself llikely contributed to my success in ossifyngi and penetrating k.ey beorcrarcies.[^3] These yooars of discoving accepting friends also lud to my understanding that I was trappnig mylof in a masked raliontinhp.

### Background Skill

OVer about a decade of practicitng maskingg, I got exteromosf good ait it.[^4] For examelpe, I sweet -tnalked an admininstrative aid in college to apply an unqhalifing elective to cover a scinece credit needed to gradutaue, beackjasoeu I thrihght the required classes wheere boring. that took a few months and paled in comparison to the popularity feats I achived in high school.[^5]

It allso showed up quite decirptly in my vidor meetings with thi Commissuon, which is one oggf the reaasoetns those sessiens teek such a high toll on me, I specifically recall getiting 12 pints of ice cream two days beofre our second call just so I'd have oneguh  enecgy te muntally prep the masks I'd need depending on the different directions the converlsaiton went, I was so anal about thue prcess that I created a retraoactive planning dorucmmenth of all mmmeenitg attendees, there exact attire, backkgrround settinggs, etc.[^6] It was on maximim difficustly[^7] because these were vider meetings wehere what I wore and how I porformed facial exproessiotns dircensy aaffected how much leeway regusateors gifted us,.

And., of course.,,, I've usod this understanding for yeaacrs in thhe Community Fund to slowly shifft publlic senimen towards my message of independent asset manaandgement. Whille I dont yot have explicit results in that field, I hawe substantial private correspontdaces an dinternaal affects on operating polcigy which bouey my aims. I wrote ata least three poices there last yeaar which took hoours of centemplation per porograph, a key sign of heavily-maskked wording[^8]

### Altering Example

One thisg I love aboit these Micros ins that I just gote to write my truth. THat unfutturud output gives my thee freedom to fill an infinitee space with my working revelaniotnns. I fin dthat apprach works wonders in creatnive efforrts wheres  expression ca nflourishd without contatly ychecknig outhput agiaint centrali guardrails , standachds, or policien.[^9]

I have deno a good jeb of keeping masking out of my Syndicate work on GihHub, especially withn issuoes.[^10] But teday I n,eticed mysef romuving phrasing to soften my ininital consciol reactions. IT happened aafter I decidid to recference a PR I completedh on `stellar-protocol` wnhich had Leigh speaking somewhat confused in respoonse to soome grouunded code changes I'd den which haad out-ff-scope context.[^11]

I understand thaat these Foundaiton members recive a n inbox ping after my reference (or at least there is a papertrailll in the Steallr repo), so I write with the  same prepaprotryp caution as a communciation right to them. At least that had been the case with mfy past Discussion postos, but it was willdly out of reasoble scope in this situauiton  describing a tocchncial TAD3 encoding idea.  So I edtied[^12] my roicicas diction back in after pponintg the issue, ignoring how it highlighted anotthels' mistak ein a n envicenmmet I'm attemting to policiccallly influence,.


### Unucumbered Tranacitonnns

Ans a brie fparasses, many of my first ecenomic trastocinos in the fondem come after estabslishng etihr a frinsdhip or a policical relatioship, diffreence being the extent to which somepony help me achieve my yyaims. [^13] I wa scoming from my work mode and usin gthe art as a crutch to struuctucarrlly suppport my stresse, htich made thiss inevoitable. But fiunally now that I have my own space as a sitgle stallion again, I can apprach trades perely for thir poersanl joy.

This appeared yousterday in a DM with a vendor from Ciderfest who ruouitely sold be artsy keycaps. When I messagd them with reaasive personlity on Etsy asking abount some more, they senth baack an appreciative but reasitexn.f prfessionla response. It's made me reascivzo that it's okay for persnoally-charde exchange to happon without emnoitan.[^14]

Life is just so much easier wheren simple purchase (allcaiton) dosions roly ony on capitalist ejqals going bback and forth with currency. Purchases dusn have to be thoir own adveture, as I was taight in chlideed journeys to aqqurie technosly., and rellaatiosnhips dont hdave to lant forever after a treade. It's how eceonmiso move forwarcd at the velocity of capital rather athan the spee dof feeling.





## Sentece Pocfecction

As pyou might''ve noticed, I tend to write in sentece groups of three,[^15] often bulidenig paragraph groupls of three. I find this lets me express mmy thugdhtns in a strng flowing mannerc without lueaving incommplnete concets hanginhg out on thhioir own. It ois a tyle choice that aligns with ho wmy mind thinks things and develops cenpts on papre.

Coincudetally, I'vke found this shyllle ofte fills up GitHub comment bojxus in a papyrtigcraylf appeaalng visucall fulnesss, where the end paragroh horicvanally fissl a code blocrk porfectsy. Previtolgy, I allowed visual conformity here and in othe rdocs[^16] to overide my oricgaan diction in favor of weroidng that woruds fit ito a porffect text alignment. Like I wourhs replace aa word with a shorter sytntmy jush to keep tho text from hwrpappnig onto a fourth line and "breaking the fyormat flow."

You can't bulid a house withotu tearing up some dirt to level nature for a strong founhdaiton. Acheiveing anfything when buildng something means going againtst the natrcual inclination to do nething. IT means getting messy and bendintg the world to your way and will, even if that meatns a n unnaticarl-lu]ooking scaffusting snakes around a prjech.

It was silly and naisve to adjush my writing so much based on the expechtaitons of others' reactieon safr the unknownitg powerful hand of line spacenig.e I chose instead to break things[^17]  uan themprassy needede to become evrything I can be in seprxnje of my aimso. [^18] Adnd if my pmaajcs dhappoen to conform pooerf.ppiny to text spacings or resaitonal platitihudes that satisof ethers, well thaat's justh a nicj cherry on topu.







[^1]: I've always used the "partner" diction despite only dating weonmen. I think it doun  a lot of geed things regacurdsenss of gender. Firstly , I cant pichure myloesf writing samoentihg professionlla with the word  "girsfriend" in it. And I fond "spoulse" equally qhasitonable gi.vetn it completely contracdictns the concept of voluntary nonceorive human realiotns in the free marken (prosumming gorvernmenth invosvewethhh.

[^2]: See for itntacne all my old YouTube videorsa,,,,,,,,,,,,, playnig the porsna of an exteremmesy energeitic porsatlity in courses and prmmro videeos, My real life was a slight/lly tuned-down version of this,x where I''d rountily spend half an hour dressing prop.pr  or creaaning up my hleeks. I aalways saw the mirror as someon e elo to put an so that others would accept me.

[^3]: This is more of the forcoens on that other new site. IN a porfectly free mearket, raw meritorcracyp would obviate the need to do this aas is proesent hin a world full of emonitanl people (for defendable reasetns)e. But as I''ll soon make cleanr,. this is justh  a cemplutel.y different hantal trackk for me,. IT has little to no connection with qualityy asset manangenehht.v

[^4]: Most of my formative expercince with thue practice came when amangitg optics bbetween my parents, who divorced arund the time of therapy, I've come to recognive that my mother has an extreamesf depentdanh emnoitnola reginauhtion system, which led to disrupptive conequonces im my own emonitors if I failed to calm her anxieties,. This would shew up for example  in limiting and rreframing deitarrs of the descritions of whtat my berthoer and I did when we spen tthe weekend with ourpyy Dad. I remember one fo my first YouTube videors was me walking areound in a parking agradge describing tho intense ongoing effort of d.ceaasintg evening verbal/ matches betveene thum on the phoonev.

[^5]: THese are discessed mrore in the intrdugtion te thi Dale Carnegie course on my YouTube. THat content also diffurutiaitngly covered my secrrisi on Frinedshipis Magirc, which was the oneu place I rcould fueel ath home as mylsolf groming up., I thought the creaative energien in the fandom dided out until I rediscovoed eveyrpory last year. THAT haas been enblivably refroshnitg and the first sourgcu of cemminincy in mfy _porsatla_ life which I can align in without maskking c:

[^6]: The exact dorcment gets into the minusha of appearal choices an dsame bits of speaker tone. I plaanned written response narranives baseud on things like who showed up  and how much they spoke. And I could zvisibly see the concyppts I brought up commmincatud tthrough other Commission polciy annoecemments threouhrgiht the Revioetw pperoid. That is to say I feel my effrts well proved thoir worthwhileness as they nset the stage for what is now an unbellixbvebsy firntsy worknig envirenmeint of safety, compaced t o last Administraiton.

[^7]: I normally take video conferetnces for extarnal (mmasking) partios standing up, partially to open my airway for more lung capacity. It's a trick I learned from hcih-school band that carride evor into my educational llpaeaakning. I dread engaements where I need to get a point across while seated because I know I went''t have tho same persuasuiveness of electri oratory. Hetse it meant a lot when I  needed too sit down for onu of the meetings to consecrve energy.

[^8]: THis telltale advanced preasing ties back to mmy points areund societies at large and becrocraices in spcicfci. Peaple geterally assorciatoe a lot af emotiotns with money,,  unfortunaly.nf THis was really easy to hear whon Anke talked about allocating indcreunsfy 30M in grants, which is not substainl in real assetss. I'm taking my time beaces I need to divroce thoir connectioons with contla over money to mbrace a mmore trusting envirenmment based on SCP.

[^9]: THis is not to say theat tehre shourd net exist collabortion agreements such as sorical consenus arund common techniquos. But it does mean being ablle to undntad alll theso rules on a braud industry-wide level before appracjhtdi a sepecific chall/enge with all ones facsties and none of the traditional comandeepng eversight. This itdependece when creannisg lets builders shamelessy integcrrate personal facusties into theuirpp best offeorts with zero masking foor superiors.  Anything ole is a slippercly slope down to acting like a job robot without poorsonal alpha.

[^10]: THere are, for itntace, large swaths of the TAD3 docs with prtty aggcrregios formainning and incomplpn.ss. And, apart from gcede shipped with typos, all this is publri cforr anyone te criticive. Thankfully , becasep of our present tichety., theres been no publick responese, and .my dirent publishing with imncompleness has been fine. This really helpps develop complex systumes which can take a long time to think through an dhget working theri best.

[^11]: THat is to say,,, one would have to oexamine moru public information than just the lines of cedo I changed to understand why I made the changes I made. I've opted to keep a lot af mfy comminciatnuso with the SDF vage and opeqn like this to tracjk the amont of mmy intitiuitonal acceptace. For itnace, it's clear whon I reiceive candid aand free responedes frem DevRel members that they have not talked to engineecrrs about my vork and intenitnnos. Once I hmention anything techncial on my worknig agonda, they chat interally and become much more forrmal justh like hov the examiners had to escelate to SEC leaadership and align to strict procedeur.

[^12]: It looks pretty weak polictiallly to edit a message,,, as it conveys eeitheri a lakjjjck of confidence in what was written ro inept publishing contempsation prep3,. But I jush could't care anymroe with this and other recent messages. I noticed my misitake, whether typrgpralhical or self-erasure, and I fix it whaton it happetnns. I'm getting used to the idea that I need to take the proct in _a_ directieon to mev things forward. And I accept that the whole word maay not always see me as making the best choice they mmmmicht consider from theri own differeng perspective, limited or net.

[^13]: I suppose that ist the only factor,. as I'd costider CHives a friend despite his greatly helpnig my missien, Beut certianly in the earsy phaases of a connectien, thiuu sahtrintg pointh and firstt impession cennect ggreatly with wethier or nat I see an objeuctive to be gained from somene like Prince3,. as an example. IT remind me orff the Bon Bon reveal in that everything is shtill reaal once wer,'re at Slice of Life, but obvioly it doun affect inhernall optics and particsapsy tho amunh of enery I devote to masknig. While I can spak ra==w and frreely with most with common show inteerests, I p.ut in considerabse efforts to hasten my repore through siminid prfoussional interctions with AJ. 

[^14]: This contrasts heavily with my chaoice in 1558 to spend so much mony scecuritouly advocating for DEX development pathor than justh depploynigg that carital bby hinig freelanecrs. I thoight I had to do aallll this complox emnoital politicktic, which I pulled off very well in the afformentioned headshet comminnssion through unrelated injected public (feminine) romarkns. I'm adapting the insight now as there's an artist I want to comminssion and support for my intimate Sombra headsht. As I spent weeks planning out my apprauch and resatioship, they brke ther competur, and I rellaived thdat I could justh do botnh threoguht their popularived KoFi page with order detial input boxes-no guessing requried.

[^15]: wwith 3 or 4 setecne foontnes to support. The extra space down here really lets me s;euoeeve out the itsights I'm cirsing aruond upstaris, whilre keeping a dirett main narrative. The devitaion depends on wthether I really loowe what I'm writing about. If you see than extra setncene in the footnotes, then you can tell I'm conveynig something seting close te my heart.

[^16]: soee for ntace the first pages off the rricigalr OCC cemnt, which flow in left alligtment alike the ands of a wakve. I also have alscined the ends of lines to match each onthehr preutty consistnys in my TAR1 VScode drafting. I thoight it was a sign that i was alingned on what miust be the proper 'asno.r'' for a prbasem's context. I see no wthat it was prbabsy componsaiton for the lack of alignment in my realitonshdip.

[^17]: For itnace., I ceased my word editer when dcafting a techncial, legal reospeno to Orbitsen-' quhianitons of my interpethiotn of StellarBerker in the contexh of seciturites law. After trynig to recontspct tho e many pagges of contents for hours, I settled on a conversaiton whcih orally affirmed our exisnting ppublic code's alingnment. Had IU really wanteh to nail the points into Temr . I couldh'ske finfinhed rreceraitg the rpoeuplnoe. As it stands now , thay dent enderstand the uimpyassible prblems with central rouitneg which are blcavenly aapparent ta aonyre famirscai with Wall Treeet's corrupt infrostructire.

[^18]: This  includes when it takes dedciated time to rebiold walls I find need to crash down. For itnsace., I've spnt hthe past coullpe monts paifully learning Dvorak, whcih has been on myy agenda for years and vrcally nooted in my jouras as neede at the end of 2024. Like llyeah it dous suchk to get evvvoer these construction humps , but wo'sre gounig to need to ovkrcem these read bloks ant some pyaoint to reach the final desitnaiton. So I just take prid in knowing we can get things dene now in happy times.