I've had a  very interestling last few months goikng extrmely  hard into very alte nights for  prepartions  to the Commission. On the tail end o f  this pheonomenon,  I've found  myself  awake at day's end  and beyond  wihtin  the confines of  my wormn sel;f-directed  work. It  was under  these  circumstances  that  I hasd  a prettty  interesting thought,  to the extent one  can procalim the self-assured quality of their own perspective.[^1]

THe basis for  these thoughts  comes from the genralized  MLP understadngin that  (of course) friendhsip is magic. If  we truly l ive  those sentiments, than  human  iotneracction  is a benefficial necesity in  long-term growth.  INdeed,  Kayla  reminded  me of this recently  inasmuch  as prompting  me  to  continue chatting with people becuase  that is  how busikness   "goes."

Aside from elemtnary fiat  implications,  I affirm this perspective in  the sense that  htere i s literally no point in doign  "this" or aynything meaningful  alone. It's  always  been  inspired by the imparct on other peopllle, and  of course it is other perople that will cointrobute  the menainfuly supermajority  of work to bring any vision  into realirtry. And so  no matter how much it strains  my reserves, I'm going  for  a conversatiokn wiht someone each day to expandd  my  horizons and keep the ball rolling _together_ so  that  we all get  a big win.

THe fact o f hte matter  is systems  built by the majoirty  outperform schemes devised  by the few.  While  the latter might  do well at  immeidate  profit, the  former stands as the bastion of social organization. It's  colaborative  policymaking that stands as democracy's  pillar of indepndent freedom, because that process  allows  for  the u nity to stand  tall.

I  don't  want to sound  too patriotic here, although I did  enjoy some brautwirse yesrstday  wiht  little americna  flags in them. I still maintain great reservation  over  the  institutional doctirnation of  our youth  into a system o f blind subserviant direction by the few.  And  even encopassing  a whole swath of individuals  as  "our" in a nation-state  context  ...

Lot o f  challenges  to seolve there, and all  in due time. ANwyay, what  I can comfortably write  on here with the daily fuel so far of  a singule cup of coffee revoleves around wcheuling .And I suppose you  can tell my menatl  bandwidth  on the basis of that rediculous passive  senced.,[^2]

THe  coer of  the idea frevoles around time zones, whereby we are all really s pread out.  That was  quite obviosu  to me from the early days where  i decided it would be quite  hcallenging  to hire and centrally  coordinate  everyone in the Stellar ecosystem who had the technical basis to decvelop TAD3. And it's  a key  driver  into asychrnonous working arrangements[^3]

For some itime  I've beeen developign this concept o f  the "God" in one''s mind as  a repretntation of their interpetation of reality,  the  shared experince  we enjoy on Spaceship  Earth.  A cewntral concept o f  this perspective revolves  aroudn the mind  as a signalling  mechisnm,  as establihsed  by Hill. Relevasnt here, we have legitimate energy  in oru thoughts manifesting.

I've found this  energy to traverse  the ether  to bring a next  neccesity  into my life. At least hta's my  interpetation of my own facts and circumstances.  Under this  light, I'd liek to itnroduce  broadly two  discussion  I've had in the  last 24  hours whic h are  deeply related thanks to my own estbalished prior work and active outreach after building  ocmmon  footing  

The first is many weeks of discourse with a  fuckign awesome developer I sponoosr. THe  conversation , including voice chats, lead  to a quite useful overview of  their community-fund experinces,  which we;ve been chatting about  for  at least thrree months. This prompted  them  to  divulge excpetional information with great use at 5–6am ET when I was  on the tail end  of my awakeness.

Crititclal,y  I neede dot prod  adn  gujide the  ocnvversation to reveal this information,  and  I interpret the interaction to  ahve been quite time-sensative, to the extenet that  some cdetails propbably would;vve have  come out  if they  had noot also stayed up reallylatye. They are  in a relatively  different time zone, but not something crazy like the ASDia--Pacidfigic. i have peritucalr experince on the forecx side staying awayke into that timezone  to intpertry  market reactions broadlyh influecned and inteisvley-generated  by other nation-states.[^4]

By staying  up  for that discussion, I set  up  the  contextI  needed to reach out to Pasta  this morning.  Immediately,  they  connecting me with  someone lese  at  DCG wgiuch  lead to us scheduling a meeting for 5:30pm ET laster  today.  Now here's where thinkgs get  a little crazy in my  mind/.

I  ahve been genrally  sleeping from 3pm–midnight these last  few dasys. Some days I wake upearlier, but genrally  it 's  a  t least  five hours  of  passing out due  to  exhaustion  in  the late afternoion.  Had  i contintued this trend today,  there is  a 100% chance I would be dead by 5:30pm ETY.

Also relelvantly, I leave office tommorow at 8am ET. This i s the absolute last day  i could have  this  conversation within the reviewe period needed  for  the  Anke work.  And the call  time was proposed by them, which broadly  I never feel conmfortabel suggesting a different time than someone specifically reccomends becuase then it takes thenm out  of a comfortable place./

After some  birthday-cake oreso,  I made the choice to try  and get some sleep  this  mornign so  that I didn't poass out during traval arrangements with KAyla, p[reusmably at the expednse of moring effforts./ BUt at that opoint I was  so juiced up it was kin d of crazy, and  I  could taell my  reasoning faculaties had went out the iwndow after an unexpected stranger stgopped  me during  my walk i n  the park to chat  for  an hourr  at 1am. Lol  that was definatley something interesting, espeically  since  I would count it as  my cone  conversation between  a sleeping period of at least  four hours (my  definiton of  a "Day").

So,  the sleeping  really worked o ut  becuase  now I have  this  call at  th eopoer time and I will be able to eay a  resonable lujnch wihtout relying on external adrenaline! It gives m e the setup  I  need  to  propely  document  and repsond  to everyhting that  happens :+1`: I just appreciate that things work out when you let natural tendenceis take thier course, whichi  is why  i largely  steer away form any over-the-cioutner meds./[^5]


[^1]: Lol,  I  had a pretty  helpful chat lately  with  ChatGPT , directly  asking  it to affirm my worldviews.  Albeit this was bsed o n extensive phsgychoilogical research into certain Aspergers trends. I've made a lot  ofp rogrewss in identifying my EQ  thresholds, which i  think work well now with  one discussion with anyone  other than KAyla per day,, ideally  later  in the  day  so as  to not throw me  off schedule  for a whole day thinking aboutj implciatiosn and  decompressing.

[^2]: I've been in overdrive wokring to help WhatCan o n the upcomign  petition, so please bear with me.  I was quite  dissapointed  oto need  sugary snacks last ngiht (this  morning) as fuel to keep myself functioning. I am exploring  keto meal delivery kits,  but thety all maintain the  untennnable  challenge of spending hours cookinkg every week.

[^3]: SOcial  norms which critically maitain the  decentralized permissionelss eidnecd  in open-source work.  I  had  the pleasure o f discovering someone working directly on  human-orgnaization schience  thanks to recent introductions by Kirk and Bob. It  was  insanely  resassuring  to  see someone else  drafft their thoughts through public sticky-notes  :)

[^4]: _See, e.g.,_ public interactiosn more recently  with Johan on  the  communtiy front, mimiciing  this discusccsion tiemframe. They ahve  also been  a psaassionate a dvocate for asynchrous or at least 24/hours communciation windows between communtiy emmerbs.  Thanks  to my  hectic sleeping  arangements, I'velaso  hbeeen able  to  have productive meaningful synchrosus text  chats with them, in the sense htat you most  certianly receive  better  feedback  on publication itnkae when  conversing at someone's local time so as  to  bamake them  feell "special" by getting to live  on the  "bleeding edge" of a publicshed ocmmunication.

[^5]: Fioor sitnace, Kayla  got  soem melatoning fummies at  COstco, which  I  couldv;e easily  taken any of these lsat  days  of weeks to knowck mytslef o ut. HOwever,  doing  so would  be  a central  control  over the body;'s natural repsonse ot the worls around  me .  accornignly ,  i  pretfer to lallow decenetralized neural repsonses wihtin my cells control  my active decisions
