# Hey, what's this?

I decided to start doing "micro-reflections" today when thinking about an interaction with @tehchives.

I was telling him about how to change his GitHub username in resetting up the inaugural WhyDRS discussion post. It made me want to do a pros/cons list for the choice (which I normally do on paper).

## Don't get it?

Basically, I want to start doing micro-reflections in the same style as what will eventually be full reflection days.

Since you can't read my mind:

- I will start doing reflection days on GitHub like this.
- The reflection days will happen:
  1. on my laptop,
  2. with airplane mode,
  3. only offline note editor.
- The reflection days:
  1. will not be edited for typos,
  2. shall resemble a stream of consciousness,
  3. basically the same as on paper but faster and with a different organizational style since you can't really draw things.

I'm good with that last tradeoff because I realized that I'm not really an artist in the artsy form, and I'm trying to narrow in on my specializations later.

## Readability sucks?

Yeah, I don't really go back to reflection days unless I explicitly need to copy an idea for writing something.

They're really more for my own selfishness, but I realized that they could be material public information in some way or another last time in the WhyDRS/impact section.

Anyway, I think it's just best if I do it like this in case someone wants to learn more about how I was thinking at a point in time.

## Time snapshot

Recently, I've been realizing that it's important to kind of hurry my ass up since the things we're building really matter to a lot of people.

More on this but not time right now.

Anyway, thinking this can be a good way to put down stuff with referencability before I forget them (a lot of my past reflection days are in my hard journals or papers that ultimately got lost).

# On micromanaging

Basically, the choice was whether or not to message chives a screenshot on how to change his GitHub username. He responded to my initial message thinking that it was a good idea to change.

Then I had a choice to make.

## Option 1
Let him figure it out, yay.

Easy kind of thing to google.

Feels fairly autonomous, yay.

## Option 2

What I did: send him the screenshot on how to do it and a link to the GitHub settings page.

React to his messages with emojis.

Idk exemplify it.

## Pros/Cons
This is the main part where I'll normally do it on paper.

Also no, I'm not doing a real table.

Too imbalanced since one side is probably way bigger.

### Pros
- Easier for him to learn how to do.

### Cons
- Kind of like TMI if he was already gonna do it.
- Sort of could seem like reaching out to tell him what to do.
- Don't want to look like I'm telling him what to do.
- Takes up my time which I'm supposed to be using writing that DRS post.
- Distracts me from writing the DRS post.
- Maybe I just have writer's block. AGggghh.
- But that's probably BS, just distracting myself with this really.

Anyway, I don't think this is super useful, and it will probably hurt my credibility/reputation in that raw, unfiltered reflections like these are easy to criticize - especially if there is a super small quote or typo taken out of context.

It's a risk I'm willing to take because the alternative - me keeping everything secret and to myself... - I just don't think it's good policy.

Out of time but yeah, decided to help further, but I really want to leave these kinds of implementation choices to other people in the ethos of decentralization.
