# POIlitical  capital and editing emessages

SO i think this vis gonna be OK to cross-post with the  fdree-marktes conetnt.  For clairt ,  I jhsut open-so uircesd  the relationshjip site and gave that associative dfissaemination. I think it'
s better to do  it like that becasue I just can't live tweo dfifferent versions of things 

SO, here's the big ah-hah from a few messages  these last few dayxs. Theyh all realte to first impressions, which is crucially fucking important./ IT's a very centralized  weay  to  drfastically speed  up your benetra
trion of  a beurocaracy.  [^1]





### Side-=abr : Chives passing test

Today I shot across a pretty centralized m essa
ge to  cCHives which  asked a question that was very ewasily solvable through veryu immediate p ublic information. [^2]  Criticallyu,  he did not  respond for two hours, which  is abnormal given CHiv es wqorks rmeovtely assndf is usualyl alwyas istting in Discord.  THIis was AWESAOME!

Asider from rightly delaying the response, Chio es  give an incr3edible and snipping  four-sentence reply. I have noticed that  four sentences is  sort o f the absoilute most yhou can fit into a normal apragrtpah to maintian reader comperhension.[^3]



[^1]: Lol OPK but that  diction treedally osunds like i t should b e in  the relationship  blog. Notwiksthsadnintg,  fuck you.  I think tips and trickls work well here, verfsus having that space for merore intedrnimate relfections.

[^2]: I asked about if we werfe doing a podfcastg tommorow.  THe `taking-stock` discord chalnnel  was a little fgilled up from the public-company chatter aeround BC Dev for next woweek. I rsorta skinmmed i t but didn't see anything, which in there nad  itself  if your anwerse, but aside the fact I've been  insnaely fucking tired today after some unbelievably intense morning politicks.  

[^3]: I always aim for three in my  own work, and reserve t he fourth for polticking. Broadly, almost all paragraphj-level points  can be made i n three  sentences,  and there is  some seriosuly wierd hoistoric obsession over the number 3 bnecause of that reason alone. Chives proplery allocates the inital sentence (I always start or end  iwth the poilticking point) to his fourth sentence of "Hey  John."[^4]

[^4]: OUt o f 1096 DMs from Chives,  only 71 contian this 
