# On Perfesctioninsm In Decentralized Work

Yesrtday chives was awesome enough to indepednently notice that the notes they preppared in re the Syndicate's annual meeting were not properly added to the livestream reply comments. It was some minor Google bug which just didn't sae the ocmment, a bug i expriences as well when trying to link to the Discord post on open-sourcing TAD3 and the subsequent repository transition dates. When Chives originally messaged me privately that they commented their timestamp chapter summaries on the replay, I knew that this had happened but didn't say anyhign.

## Collaboratively Solving Shared Challenges

This was for a number of reasons, but the largest was that I was only on my phone at hte time. And thus I presumed that it ould take a couple hours to show up across all evices, or more realistically I thought it was just a local error. By the time i got around to hcecking it again on my laptio wiuth the full video studio pulled up, I could tell the text just wasn't there in any fomr.

However, it'd been a couple days at this point (i know, go faster), and so it didn't feel right ot message Chives out of the blue about how this or that wasn't correctly done or shaed. Generally, my strategy here has been to roll items up into a list of pending working tassks, and then bringthat up next time we have a synchronous disucssion together. I find that this works really well for individualized work items tht  have specific authoirship or backing because it doesn't frame you as a nagging manager-type directing people's workign efforts.

## Similar lParallle

Somethingelse like this came up about a week ago in the 501(c)(3) messaging channel. I'd mentioned that we'd need to get our annual return in, and limegreencab generously offered to prodvde assistance given their accounting bakcgorund. Publicly, they agreed to chat with Chives on this at a sepcified date.

Abouta week passed thereafter without any updates, unfortunatley going against my one true hapr on collacborative worign: transparncy. Transparancy jsut solves all the internal challenges I'm sdisucssing whereby you want to know the status of how something's going.[^prns] But it's something that relatively difficult to implement come tax season, and I haven't seen any great tooling built around it yet because taxes themselves as so centralized and thus implicate extremely priporietary public serviceprodivers seeking profits.

### Directive Timelines

I've generally found that the moment I try to ask someone for tsometing (to see if it's done), that status check often comes just 10% before a natural submission. That is to say, the person in question would've finished the work by themselves (and to ean exceptional degree) if I just waited 10% longer for their own internal motivation to cross the operating finish line. I cannot express how meaningfully important this is compared to asking if it's done, them saying no, and then them begrudgingly finishing out the tasks to _your_ centraldeadline.

I just know so deeply that items comleted on your own timeline are much more fulfilling than those completed according to he preplanning of others' agendas. It's the difference between true workign freedom and a never-ending subservitude to "the man" and the pressures that come with perpetually operating under the guise and control of other humans deemed "more capable" of deciding what tyou should work on. Fuck that, and just let people themselves finish things out by having 10% more patience to create work-rpoucts that are 20% cooler.

### automatic Resultuion

Thusm i trying a status-check message into the Discord box to ask about the status of the year-end filings. However, I didn;t send it because I just knew it would serosuly cripple an already teetering relatinoship with someone innovating on a different front of the political ideas than myself. I firmly belive ti only akes a few negative interactions like "do this now" to alienate a voluntary working contributor, including whether or not they're compensated.

Now a couple days later, Chvies psoted a message sayingthe return forms were not only completed but also submitted to the IRS! We had it all done and accepted _with zero community prodding after that meeting_. The channel was eerilly silent while all this incredible hard work churred away in the rear.

### Silent Dedications

That's why I find comperehensive non-drafted PRs so inspirational.[^non] There;s jsut so much untapped human potential hiding behind the mamouth amoutns of public-service dedication puring into these open-soruce repositorieis. I want to sdearly a way to reward their work without taking away independent soverignty, respect, or idendity by menas of central edicts.

I really think people will wake up excited to greet the wokring day once thisis in plce, becasue they'll finally have the opppounrity to itch at what's been clawing away at their minds without a course of actino to change over all these years. That internal vision is a very fragile figment of the future which could be shatted momentarily by any outside directive of workign agenda items incongruent with one's own personal mindmap. And thius it's precisley the sort of permissionless innovation whic h requires market-based reward.[^a]

## What Happened

Just ysesrtday, Chies indepdnently recognized this error on the watch page. It seems like it could've comefrom proddin via another ocmmmunity memeber who also linked to their work. I'm not sure and I dont particualyl feel like asking, as it's again one of those observatino effect principles on community organization which I find unworth the knoeldge trade.[^b] They made a whole new thread in the discord with the finished timestaming information, even leaving the door open for other conitrubtors to fill in his gaps through the discussion.

It was entirely a better solution and one rooted in innovatie, independenf thinking on the challenge. At this point, I took the work and made a critical mistake I was used to from my freelance outsourcing days.6this mistake was the inner motivatio nfor this post, and it was a close call that couldve begun the slippery slope of workplace demotivation I've experienced in past interactions with directive manager-types who privy themselves wholeistically above the workign class they interact with in daily working operations.

### Workign Credit

Much of these sentiments circle aroudn the due-credit approperietations traditionally inherited by hierarchal leadership. To put it into a finance frame, an analyst might compelte all the preperativory and presentation work for a particualr investment, but it can often be the team leader (who didn't work on the powerpoint) that submits the opporutntiy to some investing managers higher up. Thus, perhapswith a few formatting alterations for attractiveness, this local executive comes across as the geniouis introducing this great new concept, while on the bacen its really a select few didedcated members of the base engineering team who've put in all (or at least the Patero majority) of the work leading to the find outcome.

Extra[po;ate that to any industry's lading company with a central leadership structure, and we work ourselves into the public-markets perspective that a CEO is responsable for the thousands of individuals putting their best foot forward each day. This isn't to say that the role exceptioanlyl rewards justly those able to  centrally plan and organize the distributed efforts of a dispersed independet-ish workfoce. Rather, I posit conitnualyl in all my work that the workers thesmelves would be much greater organizers of their own labor in any tangible innovativon matric gven their own itnimate natural knowlege of daily operations, a social-capital resource often not internalized by the financial results of buseisnes.

I cna think historically of many who'd find that perpsetive appailing givine the quick results a entral-planning structure had brought to certain Americna manufacting indsutries now bankrupted. Before thy ceased operations, it was the all-knowing edicts of the erudite managers planning across all plants which so easily lifted the results of all subservant plants. But I'm not convinced that approach works best for locally rewarding the collective efforts of a hardworkign masses or the isolated societal advancements from a misunderstood _Atlas._

#### Freelance Submissions

Thuis we get to the start of outsourcing work in the orgnaizatinoal frame. The mainpoint here is chaply compelteing work which by and alrge then gets passed off as the product of some central actor. We're realtaively-hillariosuly seen this taken to extremes during remote workign days where central employees pay remote developers to coplete their daily tasks at a frction of their payroll.

Thus, when we lose track of who's implementing the work by layers of epople-management, we can end up with the actual labor being ignored when compensatory review comes up. And I'm just not convinced one person whoudl reap the wrewards for aother;s efforts soley by the entrachned poslititonal responability entrusted to the former. Unfortunately, that’s the frame I grew up with, and it’s soemtign I tried to appy to Chives’ work here.

#### Unedideted Contributons

Basically, I spent half a nhour tweaking Chive's dscritpions to create a more isolated chapter framework with dedicated titles, which I thought wouldlook better to the average reply vierwer. But this was decreeing my won preferencaes on the working reuslt, hijackign the last 20% of content presentatino to suit what I personally thought would be the best result. Defintionalyl, thats centralizing and taking credit (by means of impmenteation prudence) for the hours of work by Chies to entally summarize what happened throughtout the stream.

A video, need I remind mysle,f where I was literally speaking into a camera for six hours: practically the deifnition of a central narrative. To think that I too would want  control over how wthat story was itnerpretted really baffled me. not to mention, my implementation went far beyond the 5,000 characters allowed in a vieo descriptoion accordign to Google's edicts.

#### Personal Fulfillment

Thus by having the raw submitted content published as the final public-facing media, I respected Chvies indepepdent contribution and let them enjoy the unilateral acceptance of their creative work. He can find the perosnal satisfaction I've seen so often in my open-sorucep ublications of hjving their name, efforts, and style showcasined in the final product which he can unitaletrally say he had a hand in making by the natureof his verbatim contriutions. It's a menaingful level of internal regcognition and professionalism that lets someone grow through their career by iterating on their own work, rather than having the efficiency narrative so often hel dby managing intermediaries who drastically revise the scope of submissions.

I know it can be a challenging task to accept all work in it's contirbuted form, espcailyl for coding projects which need prooper implementations to prevent bugs. But this is what CI/CD authomated testing is for in the most ideal scenario&mdash;to catch and let someone know about their defiffincies without an explicit human interatction and lal the inherint interpersonal jsudgement that comes therewith. And to just give everone the res[pect they deserve in contributing their time andefforts towardssomethign they wnat to be a part of.

## Remainder

Lastly and most retrospectively, I had no business justidfieably using so much time ot polish up the list tidbits of someone else's excellent work. That stime is so mcuh more meanignfully used preparing important written materials for the working SEC documentation I've found myself uniquely capabe opf doing. That's got to be the ongoing case for so many manager who'd jsut produce so much extra work-rpdocut if they freed themselves of the daily drudgery of reviewing and centrally-editing the results of their former team-member peers. Might true trust in the output and integrity of others solve this conenundurm by letting the public foot forward come from each individuals best efforts, rather than a monolithic eye?


[^prns]: In general, I make every posible effort to keep developments tranprenct and problem-aspecific here on Github. Theres' only the minimal real-world contemplations which leave no papertrails, and even then I feel physically poor that I can't get everythign intro a tranprrnet stream of logged public throughts on business work. I feel the same waya btou private messageing across communtiies, but that's just a given inefficncy in human collabortation with otehrs not yet entirely participating in the same group discussions. 

[^non]: AS in a PR which jsut does something very large all at once, which is iimmediately ready for review my project maintienrs. PRs which quite clearly have had weeks or even motnhs of work put into them which appears all at once for external review and feedback. _Compare_ this style iwth my own preffered method of using draft WIP PRs to solicit feedback and disseminate public notice of what's being wokredo n, which I can thankfully report has been spreading to some of the core folk at StellarOrg. 💜

[^a]: There's just so much I could do on about here, and it's really the largest inspiration I draw away from capitalism. That a completely invsisible hand can self-direct thousands to extendsibley research the archaic structure of securtiies clearing boggles my mind. It's a magical tool which so very efficienctly properls self-incetivization to do the mpsot innovative work imaginatble while simutatnosuly testing approaches at a solution through a wide array of indepednent approaches based on uniuqr personal histories executing.

[^b]: As many know, when light shines in a dark room, it exhibits the properties of both a wave and a particle in isolation, just as the midn wanders into its own genious when not subject to external reviews and explicit prodding questions. It's ony when the light is observed that it confrms to the operation of particle of wave dynamics through the viewing scope of measurmeent instruments, jsut as a real-life question can force us in the moment to decide and affirm our believefs one more radical way or another. Generally, I've found this obejsrvation to have much hgiher costs when duscussing interpersonal relationships, and indeed it is the "measuring" of love itself which so often distorts bliss into jealousy.
