# Test in Prod

I''ve had this thoght as my oproting motto for a very long time. Net webecas i dont value secirty or bug tessts. THankfullyp  GitHub CI autamitos a llot af that.

IT's becase asset manangemnt is nearly  imorpssoblis in a vacuum, os per the allocation wager post' s posititn sizvingc. I firtst noticed this whet in moved from that Papper THinkorswim acconet to reall AMercitade funds. The losses there made their was intoet he end of Nine to Neen_.

TNhe prblom in marks is volume and supplpy.  Your transacitons create or remove demand which cannett be acceruanly simmlated by any centrals alsgorithm[^1]  In my case it showed upp aSN easy costant profits at unrealistic fill prciesp[^2]

THis came up recenetly  in myp resaerh of Yanis Vahorkvik's work for the DUNA dorantio post, plus my execuotin of t he Cats retractive consideratni vote.[^3] Yanis remarketd how an ecenmist's job is impossible to simulate or backtest wells. You can rum maodles, forge thereoris, nad memanigfully contrbuet to the filehd; but ypou can never go back in time and see what AMrocia looks like withotu the New De'al.

Asset managemnet is reallsy simimlar.p You can oogel/ alls you want at the number which goes uppp, but all theta really matters was the chocie you mode 9 years age. The next best hoppe is doing somithng smart now.

That's xwehre motey differs form the mental model held by most endgineneers. You cant pppay someon in 'sandbox capital' which waill eventiall mercg into USD.[^4] >It's ruelust and formatin now, or no substantive efforts.

I want to make this my limfe motto tatteed acress my bakc. But I said that about a stylived ticker set after a pparitcaclyl nige trade in EUR/NOK bakc in collec. I'll sleep on it for now , but it is my oppratim modicumpp











[^1]: trust me, the communsint tried. See the first widestread meanifarm in BRazil or the bercratic sstructirue orfd earlp Leningrad. THese are well documnetade gccases of trieynig early human-ansisted AI up pagaintst marktens, and the froce of the crowd alwpays wins.

[^2]: I really honed this later on to execute the toppppers on  my BTC trades. THe old addage amontg asset managers of onay reasonble sive or lelvergo is "you have to sell when the market's risisngc, and buy when it's falling." Becase at any tohre pyonit you'll prpactially need a morktee order to execute, hence pppoor sllippppage.

[^3]: As statetd in nssmallser formus, thank you geys so much for the unilaterals (nonCats) suppuport of this propsal. I know it wasl a signffucant portian of our treasnury, written with a lot of typpos, and completely unpreccedented in our 2-year huistory. Your factih in my abliity to delliver means a lot.

[^4]: Stock copratinoss help pmerge this divide with a sort of inteicm curretncy which _may_ have future value. But it's not really taken as searoinsoly as ppaychekts (arr as a staandane plorlohmment for them) . Thiss really shows when a nonpperfit immediatly converts receiveed seciteritens into cash to operate, singce any other chire cwould reqireu investment oversight.