Been having some crazy dreams lately. I’ve come to understand my subconscious as something closely linked with my nighttime adrenal rushes these last few weeks. I think I get close into contact when pulling late evenings with reflection time under the stars (for small working moments) and hardcore music.

I want to put emphasis on the music because, while the stars and moon provide a source of inspiration, the tunes help me get to the core of my deepest internal series. Practically all of it comes from brony artists, which again reconnects me to the deepest voids of my personal psyche. The show really changed me at a crucial point in my life, and I doubt I’ll ever be able to fully recompensate its producers for all the value it’s brought me, akin to the League cinematics.

I remember last reflection day I got some slack from K regarding the efficacy and purpose of all this. I think a lot of people feel that way, but I was reminded of its importance in reviewing old remarks about Rockefeller’s work. They align closely with the stories Gates tells about his days-long retreats into the wilderness.

Basically, Rockefeller was one of the first Americans whose job wasn’t to actually _do_ anything, especially outside of the government (where governance contemplations can reasonably consume much work-product). This kind of thinking work, akin to policy-making, is one of those activities which is extremely hard to put down on a clock as hours worked. It was the mental process of figuring things out which John D. sat on all day long to result in business decisions which shaped the character of the U.S. economy.


That's basically how I feel, and the worst possible thing I can do is rush such meaningful outputs, because I really don’t like undoing decisions (akin to psyching yourself back into a losing trade). I saw this firsthand yesterday when I arrived at the economy parking lot at 11:52. The $15 charge per day reset at midnight, which only gave me a couple minutes to scan my way out of there.

By the time the bus came around to my car, it was 11:58, and I was freaking out in the driver’s seat after I ran into the car. I sped away super quickly to the front gate, only to hear all my prefilled five-gallon water jugs falling down in the trunk. I got out just in the nick of time (honestly with probably 45 seconds to spare at least). But when I examined the trunk outside, it was literally flooded because AJ and Twi spilled half their insides, leaving five gallons of water pouring out of my trunk.

Couple lessons learned, and I’d be remiss to not start with the curt one of traveling with the bottles against the trunk door rather than rear seats. But really this was a high-pressure moment of a centralized deadline resulting in a trade where speed took priority over quality. I heard the bottles pouring out, but the total damages were only $2.50 worth of water (ignoring spreciations costs sunk), whereas a moment of delay would cost six times that.

It was interesting to see those two of all four back there take the fall. Rarity and Pinkie stayed deeply contained despite falling over, which I see as a close parallel to my relationship with K. Things are nearing completion of bonding once we finish introductory work with the SEC and SDF this month. 

Lol, those three-letter acronyms always carry too much weight across agencies. But it's a form of coercive control which only sometimes comes from them—masses pandering towards central allocators of capital, even if the former deals only with political will. It's just not as healthy as dealing with people on an individual basis with direct deference to the facts and circumstances which lead to asset allocation decisions from single-incented people.

That was another thing I got from the Rockefeller studies, however tangential: even then, the quandary of management by committee spun up into failing entities, and it was the single-minded visionary leadership _and decisions_ by John which kept them at the top, albeit with some serious financial assistance. That's one of the reasons I’ve always been skeptical about expanding the direct for-profit board of the Syndicate, because the moment they have an incentive to extract rents we have serious problems. I know it’s taken longer all these years without their central influence, but it’s worth it when we think even just a couple decades out.

Grandma gave me that family ring which is over a century old. One thing that really stood out about it was its cutting method. Because they didn’t have the advanced lab tools we know today, the gem was hand-cut in the mine.


I want to make something similar which we can develop with the tools of now, which maintains its integrity and form for so far into the future. It carries a sort of manual touch which reminds me of the humanity embedded in all products and services. All I need to do now is sculpt the odd surrounding the art as a similarly sturdy enclosure to house the dazzling insides.

## Shared Money Management

I’ve always thought deeply around the original cash allocations of K’s savings, dropped on me as an investment portfolio just after a year into our committed relationship. Thought back to the uncanny manipulation of banking interest rates which has so deeply penetrated the nation’s economy with the promulgation of SOFR. And to understand how that hatred led me away from the easy index investments suited to her age and toward really quality assets which have significantly outperformed—but at quite the Sharpe cost.

I think about how my own portfolios even still drastically outperformed hers with an explicit, overall directive to do what I found best. And it makes me wonder about the emotional intelligence of most money managers. Are they simply disconnected with the situational feelings of their clients?

Because, frankly, I feel that _needs_ to be the case if you're managing funds _and_ know how to actually trade. It’s simply immeasurably distracting for me to execute standard positions with an understanding of the personal biases and capital backgrounds reflected in joint position allocations. I suppose the equivalent would be making decisions on how to spend corporate stockpiles when I know that there exists material additional paid-in capital from others.

I just care so much about yielding the highest possible returns for outside capital, and this seriousness stumbles my mental capacity to quickly make the best choice. It becomes a politicking game of making the choice best-suited for all shareholders _rather than stakeholders_. And that’s just really fucked up when we think about the implications of something as large as a national power grid with the same potential for economic poison as Teflon.

## Goal

I am giving masses of people real savings and retirements. We are carrying out my desire by creating an online broker that combines traditional equity, bond, and crypto_currency markets in a decentralized system that rewards independent money managers, allows everyone to easily invest, opens active trading to the world, and becomes the new financial system.

## Food

NGL it’s been tough these last six months on the food front. Especially after that tire incident, my critical survivability buffers dwindled. Much of it flowed into Kayla’s vacation efforts. She just really likes traveling around and concerts and stuff, and it’s literally not even that much. But it wasn’t particularly expected, and it does exceed the stockpiles I had for healthy food.

That’s why these SEC responses have been so challenging for me, despite giving my all in the exams. I’m making extremely challenging choices between compromising on food quality or maintaining our necessary operational software subscriptions. Unfortunately, I don’t have the competence presently to keep everything confidential and safe for the investor data without proprietary central providers.

I knew you could do it all through something like an Arweave with dual-ended AES. But even just thinking about implementing that is taking a ton of brainpower I simply don’t have off keto. And I just can’t bear the thought of disposing my small Lumen stockpile to acquire additional energy reserves.

---


Another pony might turn to governmental support in times like this, expecting a handout for food or shelter. But I vehemently disconcur with that perspective. I believe it diminishes incentives to labor and creates an unsustainable entitlement state.

At any point in the last years, I could’ve easily walked less than ten minutes in any direction to find gainful employment at a low-skill job. I could use this money (working, say, three days a week) to acquire more than enough funds for food and shelter. And I would be completely set if I allocated just one day to cooking and cleaning for the week.

But clearly I haven’t done that, because this mission is so goddamn important. And, tbh, all I’d really need to do in this market is take a few weeks off with a couple grand in MT5 to get myself back above 50k. I’m choosing to do this because I know the downstream effects are absolutely mammoth, and I risk everything flipping to Wall Street’s side if I give anything less than my all right here and now.

I just can’t let that happen. I’ve found great support through quite minimal requests to family these last weeks, and I understand that’s not a possibility for everyone. But just one pony can make the difference in life, and I know that point of connection should not and cannot exist in an entrenched monopolistic bureaucracy with coercive live control over legal tender.


Some people have asked me what this could mean for people with challenged backgrounds. I haven’t extensively explored this domain, but a piece of advice from my dad rings true. When I was very young, I asked something about crime, and he explained that it is practically impossible to attain any financial working position with even a remnant of criminal background.

The statutes do support this position in certain regards. Generally, I think he was trying to get across the importance of reputation and integrity in professional work. Part of the question for me is how a society collectively forgives past errors and helps lift the less fortunate out of poverty’s cruel traps.

I know there exist private institutions solely dedicated to helping these individuals, on both a for-profit and non-profit basis. To the extent I’ve looked into this, the unfortunate reality stems from state restrictions and capital inflows. As for the former, too much bureaucratic overhead can and does halt support efforts on liability grounds, whereas these complications _inter alia_ make it challenging to allocate capital to those who need help using responsible channels.

That question of responsibility becomes the core tenet I’ve understood patrons to take pause with. It’s very hard for most people to let go of the old control frame, whereby a distribution of funds carries additionally an oversight and reporting burden. While it’s reasonable in the fiat mindset, it quickly decays under any reasonable scrutiny accounting for psychological abundance.

When we remove the artificial borders separating all people from economic trade, these challenges of past wrongs seem to fade away. It becomes trivial for a failure in one state to migrate with their talents (no matter how sizable) into positions rewarded by the free market elsewhere. Even the voyage itself was risked by early indentured settlers’ sponsors for the promise of potential work-product output.

I’m not saying it was a perfect way to treat people back then, but it was accomplished enough by the free market to result in the creation of the world’s most powerful nation, qualms aside. I look back over all the incredible economic output for hundreds of years thereafter and see stark contrast with the entrenched environment of today, where only those select few hand-picked and directly controlled by old money might ever attempt market interaction. We did it for so long without their coercive mandate for life direction, and now we’re just supposed to change everything because a couple central-banking asshats decided to crash the market back then?

I don’t think so, and I don’t think it’s sustainable. It’s a ginormous Ponzi scheme which will fail in one way or another. To put a name to the accusations, social security “insurance” is nothing but another form of what other countries use to _force_ people to invest in their future. It’s a great idea in principle, but horrifically unsustainable when all investment choices are placed in the hands of a ginormous unaccountable gatekeeper who can’t reasonably invest in quality assets without calls of socialism at best.

The monetary system itself used to teach everyone the value of money and investing. Now it just drags us all along a road of nails engineered by the financial elite to singlehandedly control the flow of commerce. It’s absolute horseshit which only serves to benefit their ends at the expense of every other human being. And I can’t just watch it happen.



## Speed

What is speed? Is it how active you move? How swiftly you reach a goal?

What significance might we place on the quality of a goal? Might depth and scope define the broad timeline of a speedy achievement? Or is time the only factor contemplated, regardless of outcome? Does that hare win if the tortoise discovers a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow?

Thankfully, the end-goal has always been clear for me, at least for nearly the last decade. But the intermediate steps take material contemplation. Their achievements have followed my layout from 2023 to the tee, and yet still, I find myself questioning our speed.

Clearly, most of the work happens on the tail end as the compounding setups come into place with each other. I’ve come to appreciate the distinct relativity of time these last months of working—how the world’s pace unexplainably but unquestionably attunes to envisioned developments.

This perspective has expanded to weather patterns, whereby mental states I contemplate result in corresponding local events. I don’t exactly know how to explain it, but every time I really go hard onto the old system’s flaws, it begins downpouring as if we’re washing away the excrement of the past to usher in a new, clean system. This has happened at least 20 times.

I don’t have perfect answers for how all this came to be. I just know that I’m closer in touch with my surroundings than ever before. And it’s extremely relaxing when I need to output so much.

When I think about it like this, all the deadlines fade away. I can rush forward without a care in the world about how fast I achieve intermittent steps, or even the final product. I just find the faith that things will work and are presently unfolding at their maximum natural pace.

A centralized capitalist entity might try speeding up this development pace for the sake of faster profits. While this might work in the short-term, I sternly dissent from its long-term viability. We are dealing with life-changing infrastructure here, and even the smallest mistakes so early on will compound to operational impossibilities when deployed to billions.


### Blackbird

Yesterday, Grandpa told me how he was one committee away from piloting the SR-71. The only reason he didn’t make it through was because a spiteful student in competition therewith had his flight records of perfect performance transferred out on the review day. This malicious act cost him the slot, and there are no second reviews in the Air Force for opportunities like this, apparently.

Grandpa was completely fine with it, probably because he was already piloting the nuclear bombers as sole visionary pilot. Notwithstanding, I found it an interesting bureaucratic power story to no end. And it’s a perfect example of maximum centralized speed which has been both highlighted by the community and praised through personal artifacts.

Whether it was B-58s, F-111s, or some other jibbery name, he was always poising himself for quick advancement within the traditional ladder. As internally reflected, this resulted in many exceptions made by higher-ups to place him in a position of authority given his exemplary piloting skills. One thing I just couldn’t get past without highlighting was when his own inspector’s boss swapped out some flight plans to perfectly align with Grandpa’s actions because the regulations thereon changed while he was in the middle of a six-hour flight.

And so, I think speed can and does mean much more than traditionally interpreted. Paramountly, the curve of compounding returns starts quite slowly and can be hard for anyone to see other than the internal participant themselves. While general praise comes later down the road after results start accruing, it’s really those early formative years which matter so much in setting up future success.

That’s one thing I appreciate about my work, because I’m setting things up that ensure our success, even if nobody can see them yet. There is immense value in ensuring proper conduct when the moment of reckoning comes and there needs to be the right paperwork in the right place at the right time. The Emperor’s removal of the clone factory planet from public archives seems a close parallel.

That’s why I care so much about finding all these meaningful primary sources obstructed from public sight now, before the inevitable legal conflict with the powers of Rothschild. Lol, I remarked something about them in a conversation with Christopher this weekend, and he was questioning what they even were. I told him yesterday that it was “rich people,” but the Cantillionaires are just so much more—it’s 

a whole mental attitude which challenges the English language.


## Colors

Soon enough, I expect the blue in my life to fade away completely. I aspire to replace it with the muted hues of blacks featuring the innovative tone of actioned purpose. I know the blues will always stand beneath my statute as the natural basis of all our work—the honesty and candid connection with nature so necessary for life.

But now it seems my objectives morph into defining my own route for the water to follow. I’ve heard exceptional asset managers describe it as digging a ditch for the upstream water to follow toward an intended destination rather than a natural peril. Whether we like it or not, centralized economic wealth is the default of any capitalist economy, and it’s our responsibility here and now to redefine access to growth opportunities which replace the impoverishment striking billions with the opportunity they need to succeed.

For me, it means looking past the basic establishments supporting the minimal rationed sustenance of yesteryear in favor of a stellar minimum standard for all. When contemplated in the extraterrestrial space context, it seems the only way to sustainably convene any form of governance—if necessary at all. It’s the human action at the core of all this pioneering, and we just need to take the roadblocks out of the way which stop so many products and services from reaching markets in the first place.


## Fuk ur Tendies

Perhaps I’m reaching an edge here, but I find it a worthwhile deference. Yes, this will mean disruption for the unoriginal entrenched incumbents who fail to adopt to changing market realities. This in itself is the whole point of competition in capitalism, and it’s why those resting on their laurels for decades inevitably cease to function.  
This cycle of new entities and dying dinosaurs propels the world forward through innovations which shape society into its ideal future.

It’s a process which seems quite unrewarding at first, and generally requires complete disdain for the alternative material wonders one can attain with their skills in alternate central efforts. But it’s this necessary sacrifice which brings Crusoe leisure and abundance in the face of certain exhaustion. The glimmer of hope which can bring even the most desolate man out from screeching poverty.

We can’t let that flame die out for any one of the seven billion (or is it eight now?) because it’s central to all we have. Only by the hand of these great local fires can we ever attain the riches so clearly available to us all. And in the name of the Lord, that all starts with a financial system their select few cease the power to control.



## E Pluribus Unum

I’ve thought a lot about this phrase lately, and what it could mean in the context of the founders. I haven’t even gone through translating the Latin, but I understand it to mean: “out of many, one.” I find the sentiment applying greatly to my own actions, and I wonder how it might inspire (indirectly, largely) productive activities from others.

Briefly, it’s clear only an individual’s own desires can bring about lasting change, when they specifically care a great deal about solving a challenge others take as the status quo. Sometimes this can even be the reinvention of archaic industries which propel the whole species into a new frontier with infinite potential. It brings to mind the _Don’t Look Up_ movie where the majority can uncover the proper scientific outcome, but our present monetary and governance systems place large deference onto the established powers that be over the money machine.

This was explicitly not the case when the nation started on the basis of sound money without governmental deposit insurance. And I think it’s so cool that we now have the opportunity to securely self-custody specie as wealth outside custodial corruption. To think these little USB keys can house an entire life’s portfolio completely blows my mind.

I recall early days of key design for the syndicate, thinking through how we might economically give investors a proper custodial configuration. I spent material time and resources exploring automated seed-phrase metal-plate embossing which could be sent to the investors after onboarding. Even after working through extreme locale cybersecurity procedures, I came to the conclusion that the central control locus was simply too massive for any number of governance oversight mechanisms to correct.

It’s so difficult to do some of these financial activities through a central body, but all that challenge melts away when you trust the individual to act on their own behalf out in the distributed crowd of all. I saw through my grandpa’s complete loss of all passwords that there still need to be safeguards in place as one might reasonably expect for older investors (or kids). But man, it just seems so efficient and independent in the manner physical currencies were supposed to be during the gold-standard eras.

I remember reading old French fictions about inherited wealth taking the form of precious metals deposits uncovered beneath a transferred estate—how this flow of riches made its way into the street markets where all came for their livelihoods by means of local commerce. And particularly how the military clenched down on the free flow of citizens for the sake of central rent extractions.

It’s our responsibility to minimize these oversights to reinforce trust in the individual. To give everyone the leeway to stand out amongst the crowd and bring true innovation forth into the marketplace. And for the Lord’s sake, give them the freedom to trust their own instinctual investments in personal prosperity with the confidence of physical control (in the tangible asset sense).


## CBDCs

Based on literally 12 minutes of research some time ago, I understand that the Big Beautiful Bill that just passed has the roots for a CBDC. This setup greatly concerns me for a myriad of reasons explained in public work. Additionally, I received a belt last week as a gift, with my youth name Jack Wooten embossed on the clasp.

In attaining the suspender, it was framed as a gift with familial designation from my father or grandpa—something that was uniquely mine. But it’s largely brought me back to those early days before publishing *Nine to Noon*, back when I was figuring everything out in my life’s trajectory. I believe we’re at that stage for the central bankers now introducing our youth to direct demand deposit accounts at the Fed—an explicit, massive no-no forbidden by foundational American central banking compromises.

Even now I struggle to find the words to adequately express my disdain for these developments because I find myself consuming a poor diet. Christopher expressed concern over the reduction in food stamps included in the Act, citing a lack of dollars for survivability. I countered by explaining there will be no dollars for any working people for all practical purposes with the dissemination of the CBDC slave currency.

If we let them trap us in this never-ending cycle of physical inadequacy, then it’s only a matter of time before they establish their global hybrid war to take everything from everyone. I wish Webb would circle back to me on this so we could have serious contemplations together as to solution vectors. Alas, I sit watching their impending manufactured crisis, striving toward solutions as fast as possible—but largely alone.

I sincerely hope the community will pick these puzzle pieces up soon and join the Stellar bandwagon, as I truly believe it to be the only route out of this mess. They largely take it as one would expect—with due skepticism towards un-brinked technology awaiting mass adoption. But I can see this path forward so clearly, and I know it will be the one to save our financial system and ultimately society.

I might have practically nothing in line to establish great wealth when the whole thing shifts because of personal choices I’ve made to prioritize TAD work, and I’m completely okay with that. I don’t want the riches or name recognition or even personal fulfillment anymore. I just want us to finally use a system together which actually works and has the best possible chance of continuing to work for lifetimes to come.



# Next Steps

I look forward to our future together. It’ll be an exceptionally stable work environment, to say the least. And man, it would be nice to have certainty over our housing situation.  
I remember growing up, I thought it’d be awesome to keep moving between cities in my 20s, from apartment to apartment—living in a bunch of different environments and having a great time out. But I find that all I really want to do these last many years is build Block Transfer.

While I have enjoyed and will continue to enjoy our dates out, it’s not really the pleasurable focus I thought I’d find from a variety of central activities. The stability we have now and the time to put in hours means so much to me because this is probably the most creative time of my life. I recall so many vivid dreams of actioned storytelling growing up, but those inspirations seem to fade over time.

I want to capture my intentions through production output now so that we can have a functional financial system for the rest of my life. Once I have that established with a corresponding abundance of personal wealth, then it’d be nice to go out and explore without a care in the world. But now, I just feel icky when spending too much time away from work.

Don’t get me wrong, I love and sincerely appreciate the needed breaks, especially when relaxing after intense central deadlines. But if I get this all right, the Syndicate and corresponding global financial system will just work in the decentralized manner natural to effective infrastructure. The pressure will remain on technical developments rather than political goalposts.

That gets me excited because it’s a stable point at which I can finally walk away from the project—likely in decades. I think that gives us plenty of time to establish ourselves and have a family, the one she wants. When everyone comes of age, all the work will have been done to ignore physical possessions and begin that time out and about until I decide to finalize the ultimate trading cave.

That gets me really excited because it’s the loving work I’ll need to sustain myself once Kayla’s gone. I’ve always known she’ll sadly leave the world before myself, given lifetime ambitions. At some points lately I’ve contemplated whether those desires to make it to 150 were inherently centralized in a selfish demeanor.

However, I see them much more as finding peace in my own daily life so as to have the time to do things the right way. I see it more as a reminder of the permanence of my decisions, even when they’re forced through the coercive control over financial systems which leave us begging at the teet. But I just know I can do it, and I have to—so that I can live amongst the stars for substantially the second half of my life.

I guess survival can humble you, especially after you’re past the point of selling old belongings—when the wealth must come from your own efforts rather than the handouts of others. That’s one reality I’ve appreciated paying my way these last years, especially with Atlanta corporate rents.

And, for clarity, I never want to find myself encumbered in a bond loan for real estate. I disagree so vehemently with their ability to fabricate the funds for acquisition of property. And I would rather save for twice as long just to outright own the asset, knowing full well that my modest time in financial markets could easily outperform the interest expense thereon by allocating the full capital amount into reasonable positions.

It’s the principle of sticking it to the banks and showing myself that they serve no purpose in a market with free trading of housing stock. I remember at least a year ago discussing this with my mom, explaining how people should just buy their houses. She just couldn’t fabricate a de-leveraging of banks, as they are not a critical point of reliance for natural commerce.

We just have to get past fractional-reserve horseshit, and I dearly hope the stablecoin work will let this be so. I know it coincides with the worst Fed development ever, but I believe it can work once private nonbank industries enter the game without a loaning incentive (or ability). It could bring the true cost of debt capital back to its natural equilibrium rather than the manipulated central intermediary rates.




## Non-Linear

I don’t exactly know how to put into words what days like this do to me. It really clears things up which can swelter over months into mental perplexity. One thing I noticed during the Response series: most of the strenuous work is figuring out the narrative to interweave primary sources.

The fact collection in the first response was pretty straightforward because the questions were extremely direct and defined in a specific statute. But anything that leaves room for design considerations or technical interpretation takes a bit more tact to rightfully express. Some hardcore developers never understand this nuance, and their work is challenging to convey to the masses accordingly.

It’s a significant effort to simplify components down to understandable educational materials, and so I found myself spending much time contemplating the best path (to our final objectives) to bring readers along throughout. I’m really proud of what I put together because it gradually unfolds into the image of technical excellence I’ve spent so many years crafting. It’s just nearly impossible to cram everything into single binary answers without this added meaningful context explaining past actions as the basis for future expansion.

That’s why days like this help, because they give me the bandwidth to unwind pending thoughts and take a look at pending policy choices with a fresh light. There was so much in those Responses that I wanted to clean up and expand upon, but time dictated that much of my thoughts terminated in broad questions encompassing my sentiments. I love using questions in all my writing to inspire the reader, but I find them particularly indirect when penetrating large bureaucracies.

That’s to say, while they might successfully get staff on your side and bring them into your train of thought independently—without direct justifications—they’re also unlikely to receive immediate answers. It’s this back-and-forth prodding at past queries which can and does instill change, but I understand this can be uncomfortable for the interior members. Often, I’ve come to understand that they want to give you the answers they know in their heart, but hierarchical communication policies prevent such transparent disclosure.

It’s a reason I’m really excited for the pioneering decentralized organizational structures amassing throughout DAOs. It really is just a completely new and groundbreaking way to organize human labor. And I can’t wait for sustainable products and services to evolve around its revolutionary collaboration concept.


### Compounding Curve

All this follows the flow of today’s thoughts, taking significant time to develop into formal success. Compounding is nonlinear by definition, and that’s part of what makes it exciting and easy. Exciting because the end happens really awesomely, and easy because it’s quite simple to figure out who’s on your side through thick and thin when early-stage work removes the confounding variable of compensation.

That’s one thing I’ll have the privilege of sculpting these next few months as the public goods work falls into place. It’ll be perhaps the genesis of community-driven nonprofit funding, employing what I believe to be the largest governance breakthrough in millennia. If those Roman planners could see the future after their Republic, I know they’d gasp in awe.

I think a lot about that—how our Founders based so much of our representative democracy on the ancient means of elected officials. It works well until so deeply entrenched in bureaucratic hierarchies and power dynamics not constructive to effective policymaking. Unfortunately, very few private organizations deal with policymaking in meaningful deference to public safety, and thus the top leaders of yesterday tend to stay in place as the only ones with relevant expertise in prudent regulation.

And, of course, these are all fallible humans—not invulnerable to outside corruption, especially in an opaque financial system. Makes me think of how the Florida governor received a new hot tub or gold simulator installed in his mega mansion. Gee, thanks—corporate handouts directly interfering with public policy.

It’s just ridiculous how quickly we descended into a plutocracy after creating the Fed. Period, full stop. And to think Bryans fell for their horseshit.


### Talking

I’ve been getting better at speaking with people as a form of relaxing. I’ve come to understand over the years that everything doesn’t have to be so closely focused on business. Rather, ancillary personal experiences can lead to internal conclusions even when discussions aren’t directly related to working points.

I tried it out with some strangers on the trip. I recall early days when I’d explain to people how I was writing a finance book. It was always a strenuous conversation bringing interest back to myself.

But lately I’ve been able to transition into the necessary zone of largely listening, and only rarely chiming in with extremely relevant personal experiences. It’s felt a whole lot easier than trying to pour everything out, and I appreciate the more permissionless interactions I’ve had where first names (my arch-nemesis in memory) are more of an afterthought, sans political purposes. I still can’t do parties or crowds very well, but I have some more confidence on a well-established corner discussion.

I’m trying to bring these sentiments into work—not needing to be the center of enormous conversations. While it’s still been challenging for introductory conversations where first impressions matter so much, I think I’m getting the hang of it for established relationships. I just sit down and relax (as opposed to standing with the mic and camera), letting things naturally flow out as if I’m resting to write a letter like this.

That’s one thing that’s always brought me comfort with my interactions in regulated and Lumenaut communities. I’m always just writing a letter or simple memo to a friend. That friend might be the colleagues I know today or someone awesome who passes upon the work in the years to come.

Nonetheless, it’s always just a letter, and I just find my own groove to sit down and write my truth. It’s so simple to get the words flowing out when I have the backup autocorrect and peace of mind to know precisely what I’m getting across based on extensive past reflection. The EGAR letter is a great example—outputting 64 pages of content in a week based on years of research and development.


### Recent Comments

I’ve spent so much effort spelling out the problems with DTCC and others in past comments and startup pitches. I’m so very tired of explaining the joke of DLT to everyone, and I hope to put those efforts to a terminus with the updated Wikipedia page. While I’m still happy to spell it out for Congress or other competent regulators, I just don’t find a strong return on time invested in communal explanations.

It’s the unfortunate reality of the scope of this challenge. It’s just not something most normal people can really do.  
Anything to fjciodsjfiodsjfiodjsiofdsjio.

I think of Webb, who’s got every resource and fact at his disposal, still unable to bring even the state regulators onto his side.

I sincerely hope the commercial incentive and presupposed income stream solve this challenge on the TAD side. If we can just have enough to support even a basic allocation of reasonable time amongst a mass of interested people, I know we can achieve our goals. And man, I want to get them across the governance finish line.



## Freedom

I’ve thought a lot about freedom lately, especially because it could be some time until we have it. I sincerely appreciate the leeway my early trading profits granted me to pursue all this. It’s allowed me to look past the traditional compounding of relatively minuscule wealth in favor of the much grander picture of comprehensive financial market innovation.

I doubt I’d have a fraction of my thoughts if I found my career ensnared in the central suckling enterprises of yesteryear’s overfed harvest. I think RC said it best when explaining how the corporation runs on its own capital and treats reserves with due sparing care accordingly. To have that feeling that it’s your whole self at stake—that’s what I’ve been gripping with all these years of requests from outside capital.

But those early profits have given me the resources and conviction to stick to my guns, and now is the moment for it all to come to fruition. It might be half a year until material changes, but it’s all cementing in place right here and now. I’ve found great solace in simply following my past work toward my original vision, as exemplified in the central reconstruction of the Syndicate’s GitHub description during outside fundraising interest—before ultimately conforming back to the original vision of a decentralized stock transfer protocol (for global financial markets).

That’s been nice, because I’ve come to understand that the founding vision of a central viewpoint often contains its core dictums—the truths desired in a final product, after all the review and adoption amendments necessary for mainstream use. And I’m glad we did finally end up on the open standard the market needs so dearly.

I’ve given the SEC and the community a clean slate, and I think that’s sick as hell. There is no better starting base they could have than TAD3. It’s the path I believe would’ve helped humanity progress so much in the years since alternative proprietary leadership decisions opted for gain.



### The Beat and the Broken

Since the start, I’ve always felt on this side of the social group, and it was exceptionally reassuring to see this viewpoint affirmed in _Read Write Own_. To know that this outsider perspective forms the core of much disruptive innovation brings me happiness beyond reprise. I’ve just always felt separated from all the action, and finally that becomes a beneficial hidden sniper rifle from the corner of the room rather than a lonely burden.

It’s been such an incredible journey to this point, and I heartfully anticipate what we create together next. These relationships around me are a whole new world of joy that I can’t wait to expand and enjoy. I’m finally at peace with some badasses helping me bring grand visions alive 💜

