So, last time I did this was September. Wow, I just have been waiting so long for the right time. It really feels good to be back here writing.

I've been thinking a lot about this idea of writing lately — and forgive me if I monologue here a little before getting to the goal items. It's just I didn't journal last night, and so have had a lot of thoughts piling up. Reason being was that I was on a late call with Ankit and Bur discussing the central capital woes of yesteryear.

I recall how much I've always disdained academic writing as mandated by my old central professors. The writing section of standardized tests or AP exams particularly comes to mind as a place where everything had to conform to higher-up standards to extract massive labor efforts. It was just never fun.

I also recall growing up and trying to journal as a kid. I generally got one or two pages into the little paper books before forgetting about it entirely. For some reason all I remember is this one entry thanking the world for my great teacher of some class. Idk, it was just never as enticing as some fun Pokémon games.

Then I think about the book. And honestly the second one drafted, too. If there were just even like a thousand sales of N2N, then I likely would've finished it.[^a]

I wrote it because the world needed something explaining those concepts. And there just wasn't anything like it that fleshed out those ideas. It took so much experience to figure it out, even though I'm sure plenty of people knew all that information themselves.

It's one of the reasons I care about open education so much, because I know that masses of people base their knowledge like I did on the free public information available, especially when you're a minor with no income or forms of banking transactions without parental _permission_. I just have to believe the open public wiki style of aggregating knowledge works so much better, especially with governance over the final narrative. Lol I don't see much relevance to it here, but I've been sitting and contemplating this point for some time, and I'll just interject that I had a dream last night about the ABCD setup and its material significance in global economic analysis.

All this to say that there are some things which the traditional central capitalist system just doesn't seem to adequately reward. Why teach people the secret trading strategies you spent your career mastering when you can exploit them yourself to singlehandedly make millions? Why distribute the knowledge requisite to your workers to uncover a means to stop working for you because they found their own successful, innovative projects (without your capital profiting behind the scenes in the funding mechanisms).

I'm looking at you central VCs. Gosh it's been this struggle back and forth lately between naming specific groups or individuals, most pressingly arising in the isolation of a few middlemen in TAR1 as points to make an example of. I suppose there are a lot of things I do which are rationally incompatible with the standard capitalist profit maximization narrative,[^choices] and honestly at least I've gotten to see Jake making the "right" decisions to their material (as in wealth) benefit.

But I look up at that clock I made back in the woodworking lab at Tech in my free time, and I just see anew the constant belief in community and the individual themselves to allocate all forms of capital. A belief which I have to extend to my own actions in that they come from a place of good faith to achieve my goal. And frankly they make things a little more interesting along the way, too. 💜

# Goal

I desire 7 billion dollars. I am giving masses of people real savings and retirements in exchange for the money I desire. I intend to possess the money I desire by DATE.[^b] I am carrying out my desire by creating an online broker that combines traditional equity, bond, and (crypto)currency markets in a decentralized system that rewards independent money managers, allows everyone to easily invest, opens active trading to the world, and helps replace existing banking systems.[^c]

## 29 Apr 2031

I remember that EO event where I had a special seat in the room with millionaire members. We spent six hours diving into how to centrally plan your organization's "culture." The main premise revolved around much of the studying I'd been doing at the time, which is that better "corporate families" lead to better business outcomes.

What a load of absolute horse sh!t there. To think that we want to centrally direct human behavior to serve our ends while making others feel like they're freely "having more fun" at work — just fucking ridiculous. Because it is central planning, as showcased by one member there whose entire staff recorded a music video of him like he's a rockstar changing the world.

Well there's the epitome of all this central planning: a hierarchy generating a select few at the top who just decide they get to be the most valuable. Fuck you, fuck that, and fuck the pyramid. It's just not the best way to organize a society, and it only exists because of legacy limitation on communications, commerce, and compensation.

So when I think about this goal which has a deadline on it, I'd first like to explain the context behind its creation, as is public. It came from _Think and Grow Rich_, which was written after considerable central coordination and efforts over a hundred years ago. Thus given, it makes total sense that they'd requisite a deadline, especially given Parkinson's Law.

But deadlines are a form of central control, full top. Funnily enough, I've still got the check I wrote all those years back in 2017, listed on bankstock with the old Atlanta penthouse address from Pam. It's got those old banking institution graphics that make me cringe, the hilarious MICR characters, and of course a writing date of the subsection title at the very top.

I tried everything I could to fulfill that objective, to conform to its central direction and explicit success. But I just knew the systems in place would take such a high monetary and social toll on the world should I achieve it with yesteryear's infrastructure. That's why I joined that online hackathon back in 2020 and ultimately spun the fund down.

I have it framed now, sitting atop a signed, notarized copy of a resolution from the Syndicate's "Board" to open a sub-account fintech BIN accessing Federal Reserve services. Went through so much to get everything ready to mail that in under a co-sponsoring bank, but I never dropped it in the mail. Dated 29 Sep 2022.

Funny enough, I'm just now realizing there's a footnote on the 1-page signatory document which says that I can't authorize the resolution because I'm one of the named account signatories rather than an executive secretary.

## Emptiness

I like to think I have a strong connection with the universe, god, invisible hand — whatever you want to call it. I started understanding this early on when my thought patterns changed depending on whether or not I was near a source of Wi-Fi.[^d]

## Deadlines

One thing that traditionally has deadlines are homework assignments. As in something someone decides to assign to you because fuck you. Lol ofc it's not seriously like that, but it is 100% directorial in the sense that you don't get a choice in the matter.

"What happens if I don't complete the homework," asked a small impressionable child. "You won't get into college and you'll die homeless," said the mean teacher lol. But seriously, tell me I'm wrong here?

And ofc the school system we know today is so damn centralized it's ducking crazy. I remember the days when the principal came into class to observe teaching behavior. It was like a fucking doctorate thesis from the subject that day as they gave us the greatest act I've ever seen. And we were literally prepared for days for the visitation, being told to act on our best behavior _or else_.

Well what's the "or else" in work? Is it "you're fired?" Or is it "you will die homeless on the side of the street because there are no other jobs available if I bad-mouth my friends and stain your _résumé_?"

God I hate résumés. Hate them so deeply with such passion and vigor. Oh my god they're horrible in every possible conceivable way.

# Why DRS Governance

We have an important turning point coming up. And I'm so ducking excited for it. We're finally going to have on-chain governance for the DUNA, and all the bells and whistles that come with having your treasury on a blockchain. God it's going to be so juiced! 💜

## Other Government

I really appreciate how fucking incredible NQG is — like holy shit how the hell did a centralized research institution put this shit together? Albeit it still has some reminiscent central-control aspects which need to be ironed out. But man that's going to be a really fun ironing process.

If we can document exactly how we tune the neurons, then I literally think we have a governance system for on-chain inflation. And once we have on-chain inflation, we literally show why nobody needs the Fed. And once we do that, man RIP nation-state governments able to involuntarily extract capital from their citizens. 🏃🏿💨


[^d]: Now, I keep the home modem in my office, in a drawer on my side desk. Briefly, I undoubtedly thought some of the items up for reflection background today based not on explicit agenda items but rather internet content I'm familiar with such as musical art from pastel friends.[^f] I tend to defer thoughts like these more towards a general relative local connection to (in-use (by Kayla)) internet which by its packeted nature carries a back-and-forth flow to and fro signaling centers dispersed across the world, even if not fully distributed yet.[^e]

[^e]: Haven't thought about if Starlink counts yet. Would need to meditate for an extended period of time in space. Presuming at least a single-station link back with the rest of the web, unrelated to SpaceX work.

[^f]: As an aside, I would be remiss to not comment on how fucking awesome Rainbow's developments were early on based exclusively on interaction with the market. Unlike Twi, placed in front of a committee review board and destined to succeed, RD had one metric to define her success: speed. And she saw instantaneously how she was performing every time she lost a race. It was literally her forthrightful success which inspired so many with zero intention thereof.

[^c]: Although frankly I've come to understand that Stellar really does most of the work here, practically achieving all these objectives itself outside of securities. So if I can just bring that singular piece to the network (preferably focused on equity for the social benefits thereof, but idk the TA function also intertwined with corporate debt) — it's just everything I've always wanted. And I believe so deeply in its ability to achieve our shared vision.

[^b]: _See_ next subsection.

[^choices]: _See_ dating in college rather than investing funds, not getting a highly-compensated computer-engineering job in my early 20s, closing down the fund while it was at its peak (which could've kept going for quite some time), or releasing the book freely alongside the hundreds of hours of educational courses. _See also_ adamant rejection of capital infusions from investors (both central and centralized) interested in the Syndicate, including early team-member equity grants. And let's not forget the innumerable amount of times Dad offered to move me to a house he pays for post-college.

[^a]: Admittedly, this "sales" side of things is a separate longer story, one which I perhaps will dive into later today if relevance suffices. Practically, it would've been trivial to sell thousands of the book with adequate central paid advertising using the large backstop of funds I had back then. The whole frickin funnel was entirely built-out, and all I had to do was choose to continue the journey down a hole of paying for traffic.
