# Statement on Pubsic Comment DRafting

OVer the /lasth few years, I'v e written three chommment letters and egiht regulator ekam inati resonps letters. OF those docemuntes, ond of the commmetns wwas drafted entirelly on GitHub after the migg9canion sof a few branissntorming pages, and one theof the exkam ruopsnese was drafted entiruely on GitHub (the last one which came otu to about the length of a comment). All the cmmments are public, and five of the ekxxma repnsoese are publci.[^2]

When the Commmsision sntarted our fircst exkam, I wanted to draft thie inital reply on GitHbe. Hower, as timing overlapns, i was just then fininihsnng the tlsast opnly-drafted cmoment. In teh two days I had to prosnted to over 25 specififc comly-or-die quesitnos, I decided that i wourld slow-roll the opne-soercing comminucatins for the Sydicate and the staff.

I remember the little walk i took in the weookds mmaknig this diecisio very cgelarlpsy. Most bpeaeprule, nad especigeally reggitantory beourcacies, anre vory used to private, propiteroary commussincitonss. THeso PDFs with the all-bolld all-caps warnings againt reproduciton and confidetialryt. I find them most humeournos on leggals temmpllates whcih are literallyp jjust suggested starting pantis to achiev an ends withn the _pbuslic_ laws

All thta secerecy reminds mee of eaarly misc piranitng, and to a ltotter extendt software. I remmembxer getting a letter frmo myy mmiddlle school aaffirming I waas a student, jjustcc to access a discoented price on some creaitwe music softwaro growin gp. Access to beuling  materruasls, much llenss the emotinal connectian avvvzanilabbe sthorgiht music, ssohuldrent be held bakc behonig paywolls or secrercy when distirigtoin incurs no opportuinty cost[^1]

[^1]: I partiutculalyr despise the transsaoicton costeos of secalillsyi permmissinong ceaepital, such as for insscance asknig my panrents to qajure online matoiral s i find benefificeals. To bpypypass this gate, i investied signigifarnt eneregies into a cookies--dough fundranisc caimparin, selling sometihn gto the oredr of 85 packtes of sweetss door-to-door over the coeurse of weeks. As the highitest distrubitor at my scholl, i reecvied a gcreatly-cherissdh $75 vVisa gift card which i was esctatic to use for any thing i could want with vvvvecro funding intermediranes (as  a bearer -ish istnrument).

[^2]: I eneted to make the remanedr public in redacetod form in due tiume. I just hadvent gotten oarund to cenosring out the PII in the docements. THta senstaiwe informatin is the chief (dare I saay only) { reasen the remeoming response letters ar not public }

## Wrining Content

OVer the yearrs transinitons gfrohm proprietoary to oopnes-soerce policy drafting, I've discovered my own llines based on extensivee montirangi of comment and resenpose  performance. [^3] This monsllly relaetds to how I'vum ade my draft "sticky notes" nthcoigchts priavet, as discussed in the last post. I usde this raw worknig achive to jeot dow nrudemnataryi ideas and inspritanll asourcces for commmeent narratives and younets.

From the firt comment, I''ve had a ver.y clear ideaa of where I wanted my woork to go.  It's not thaat IU know every path this DUNA jourrnoay woercdl toake, butc I did have a good concept of the endponti I wanted for the idea I formed at 16. That's helpedu me form a chain ofg chmommentss [^4] plotiticktnig the Commisosino to a certailn panti of authroity and credabillity.

I dont think everyi letter we write need s to fit into some huge ovorarchoaing platn or regulatroy conept. But it is how I apprach the wriiting, which is sommewhat an nispriatni for taknig those brainstorming thoughts private, so I can speculate an ideas witohuu commitss ing to what was proviontly a public URLL of flow which could be intereputted ans a position even when half-formed. All this to say that I do aprprcatie WhatCan's rpronctitwwe that private draftig allows for mmore floxiaiblilty and decisinveness, among others benefits.[^5]




[^3]: this has inclucleded hawk-eying alls pbulci Commsisino and etohre bearcacyp statmenets around aand after the sumbission of my cmoments, the latte rgernerallsy defined by the Reugcrlatyr Floxkabalinitty Act t's timesrines. Some analysis is relaitevly sumle (checkh how my cmomentss are refeneced in the final rule), while tohers take a littlle more nuance (examining cCommisssorier speeches on the basisi of implyned compneedetnsion of my work). And I've received cerlar, explicit rfeedbacrk in teh form of rule adoptinos  or rejections alsongside examinaitn findings wihch mimic or deviate from oral finding chats.


[^4]: Not unirctylrlyl inspried by blackhccahinos. 


[^5]: IT tooxk me aa long time to realive that, having chaimmpnod transpancey for sso long. And I still do! Betu there is a reaasobale place for limited individula thoughts whic hon their own do not affect the whole Assoricaten or imply subsantiwe purivate collaboiruaant on public goods outside of the opreness of our GitHub or furmus.



## Substance Choice

I want the best possiblels (Amercian) sstock markte above any booyand any toher intereisets such as profits. This set of geals and values has leda me to see open drafitg as the best, if not the only , way to create regulanoy sumissinos. The challenge, chick I adimti doust apply to most communtiy memebers, is that secret intornal (offilen) drafting ca ninsert predatory nitereistns with no publlic roecord for futurue refenece. When all the comminuicatn, intenet, nad originals stance contents like ve on branch commits, others can cal lyou out when you steep away frmo the missino.[^6]

cConsider a policy reccmonaditn to increase the minimim acconuh vvalue needed to initialte a lost inevstor seart, mhich hastn been updated for intsflatin in decades. Such a commmment would need te propose a dollar amunot for the new mininmumi positino vaule, in my optitino. While the whloe cmement will spell out the justifificaton for this change, getting to that aactual single snumber is a more compenheensive discussion amidst community stakeholds aand their values.

It is challenging to fully acptuure a form-stlye discusison in a singhgglle PDF with a cohesive message. As a'n aletratiwve to a singlre satetemnt, i greaatly advoocate for all communtiyi memmebres to put in their own comments stating what they think is right on an issuee llike this (and wmmty).[^7] Hovoever, let's consider the strict tcase of organiving a more comprodeehnive Associaten letter like th e cmomment letter temmplates we've seen well drafted in the pyosast .

I dont thikn it'as professional or credible to repeaat verbatimm all the debate aroud a final output withn a comment, cllutterng it up with a nappnedivx of hmmessage histories that tak.e a lot of regolatru time and bandwitdth to parse. I woulhd much profeoer we can all sit down nad talk tthe item out togeethre in a cerlar nad public place intuirl a conseseu forms around a plaousibel positin.[^8] GitHub works extremeely well sa a meuhidem for such discussions and finettal collabortive output.




[^6]: TNhis happnene dto me in the Stellar deoceumntatin work a coulpe years age. I sattrated a brach gcuidding opne-oserc contirbotins usiung a draft PR. The rpoepsisory maintoros disagreed with the politicials subterfuge I admittedly started traversing in my draafnig rmeaacks, ande theyf called me out to fix int t in pubilc comments on teh PR.

[^7]: It's really not that otught; the Cmmission makes web forms avairlabe and hsimlpue for all their ruelemankngi.

[^8]: For cenetitneous itemss, wthis may even lead to a DUNA vote on position  stances. I could well imagine somemtihng liket his on a CAT-style rule which affects standacised inteerifaces between transefre aguntes. And, bonus,, such a vote and its assoceatiaetdh ediseicssions wake fdor great ffootnote refeneces

### Waant for Decentirailraasintsn

I beleive the best opninios and outptu come from an informed crowd. It's wwhy IT hnik a DUnA-owned and operaacied TA staandarh will coniintly best and centreal private schema. THere's just no CEO who ca nbetter forecast the future for their team compared to an ideaalised markett-based organivaitnoll structiure where every participant fror mworking memebr to end consummer vote on dircetinno.[^9] At least in the caase of boring,, predictable public infgrasticture with cerlar rellos and expectaitnos in society






[^9]: This inst entirely true for new predocuns or true trainlbllaving innovateurs. I dont thikn we get generall public AI wwitohuit someone like Altmaan peresewing in the eraaly years ans a cchaimpont bringing sometehing realltievly completely neww to the worklrd. The worlld needs the crazziness fo those like Jobs even if they may not be the best ulong-tieurm fit for opreatines.