Recently (in the last few hours), I started realizing (again) the immense scope of my work.

In regard to some recent developments, the immense gravity of what needs to happen here really dawned on me.

I'd like to briefly touch on some of the points, although each of these items could really be its own extensively researched thing.

# Expanding Discords

Firstly, I formally defined (or at least outlined) the scope of the three upcoming/existing Discord server communities I'm building.

It was pretty surreal putting an "organization" (even if it's a DAO) name to each of the endeavors.

Moreover, it's been interesting to see how these things really only exist in my mind, but I can envision their futures so immensely clearly.

## Education

Firstly, there is the Wooten Wealth effort to really fix some of the fundamental basic education which, for some reason, just isn't taught well / if at all in existing frameworks.

Just silly that basic life skills like rudimentary finances, critical media thinking, and evidence-based career choices never see the light of a professor.

Excited to hyper-specialize these classes and bring them to the otherwise overlooked.

## TAD3 Developers

Or block transfer issuers, as I'm envisioning it (a lot here is TBD with how protocol development expands after `tips`).

It's just ridiculous how challenging it is to start a company, how gatekept the information is, and how little open collaboration exists across unrelated industries.

If we're all working on the same objectives to grow business, develop financial systems, and deliver tangible value—why not help each other out and compound together?

## Procyon

This is a more rudimentary concept for creating a DAO of DAOs, based on the frameworks for investor protections.

I was thinking of something else for this part, but it slipped my mind (and might be more relevant later).

Oh yes, that's right, it's Eden—excited to do that once I have tangible capital/influence.

# Comprehensive Replacement

So the big thing for me as of late is understanding that there are surprisingly not very many people that see markets the way I do.

The good news is that there are a lot who really understand it from the core out, like Chives, and we can all help each other.

But on the other end of the spectrum, there are just so many that really can't understand all the implications just yet because all of the hidden costs are abstracted away behind these intermediaries we've been conditioned to consider requisite to capitalism—even though they stemmed from raw business models in the first place.

## Business Growth

Notwithstanding, it's been challenging doing all this without a whole lot of support for years now.

I remember and even have felt the emotions lately... recognizing that there's an unbelievable mountain of problems that will require a mammoth amount of work to bulldoze.

Even just these last few months, I've been (and previously have done so extensively internally) opening and working on hundreds of issues via GitHub now.

Gah, I just wish we had more that understood everything wrong here and the means to effect change now.

## Lone Emotions

It's been really nice having Kayla express profoundly supportive emotions throughout all this—something that really enabled all the persistence.

But sometimes when she's gone (much less lately), it just hits me again, this sinking feeling inside of just how much there is to do, and it scares me to think that I might not have enough time, resources, or expertise to turn it all into a reality.

More than anything, I just want this new efficient system to work as reality's de facto standard, and I'm so grateful that many Stellar developers feel the same way.

## Real Problems

I think the email chain hack at major TAs was a real eye-opener for what everyone thought was this super accurate recordkeeping system.

Today, I talked with Dad about how his huge recent DWAC as a 1/2 bond special happened entirely through an email chain.

The incumbent systems are just so tangibly horrible; it terrifies me. 
