# Investing in Self / Business

Today I realized / it hit me that I've invested nearly 10% of my net worth in a principle. Worded another way, I've spent thousands of dollars / 10% of NW / half a year of split rent for the priveledge of writing an article expressing the point I'm trying to malke. Like damn geez that's kinda crazy to think about.

For context, it was the tx in the Rahim reply to the Stellar interleaving chat, altjought calling it an interleavinging discussions is almost fascieiteous. Granted, I had to pump the thing out in five days. Fast publishing deadlines work well for static work like news, documentation, or fiction (probably on that last one lol idk). 

But for long-term arguments that have material long-term implications, I think it's childish to rush the prepation and such of them. Like if I'm going to draft something that requires the entire fucking US Gov legislature to approve, you'd think that shit would be airtight after extensive review. In bringing up that arg, I think of the EDGAR and OCC comments alongside the looming imminent collapse of Cede.

## Self-Defined Deadlines

These are deadlines that have no shared social committment. As told in many course modules, that;s a great stragy to do things fast, psuh youself, and grow as a person. But for work you are very ademptly preppared for, I believe this might fall short in the self-organizing route.

There is of course the argument that "work expands to fill the time given to it." IDK maybe sure fine (?) in the case of reasonable timeframes. But I believe this thinking falters / crumbles up / doesn't really work when it comes to decade+ goals.

For instance, I've assigned certain large tasks I want done for each of the past three years on the pink calendar behind my desk. But I only realized years after the fact that I actually achieved these objectives, even though I didn't really understand how at the time. And no this isn't gaslighting myself lol, it's just the explicit reality that the unknown path to an ambitious goal involves twists and turns you can't plan for years in advance (if you can, you might be aiming too low).

### Based on external deadlines

So with these past SEC comments, there've been material stressors limiting my submission window because I learned about them so late in the game. Indeed, I submitted the OCC one a day late intentionally, and had to fix a typo in note XYZ[^i] when quickly referencing a page for a Discord chat that next day. And ofc, aside from other typos later in the doc, I fucking spelled TAD wrong _the way I always misspell transfer!!!_.

Gosh that one was funny, but it wasn't professional. Albeit I had no choice given, but this is kind of my point with external deadlines. I found that they worked really well with my "assigned" classmates that I asked to edit a book chapter or two - as this was an actionale direct TODO with a set number of labor hours implied in a single pass.

But that's not really the case for creative work, and I wonder if I would still need a deadline to find the motivation to write a new book. I doubt it, it's just time now because I'm finally actually doing fucking meaningful work - man the edu system is horribly centralized with all the implications thereto. This kind of deadline can sometimes feel arbitrary adn totalitarian, as if some magic man inside my head spmoehow can tell me when work needs to get finished by.[^f]

### Based on internal deadlines

Internal deadlines are cool, and I've had a few recent expdriences with them based on telling people I'll get something to them in/by some date. In one instance, I said I needed a week to find a doc, but that legal firm didn't get it to me. It ended up taking an extra day to get it myself, and the person on Discord couldn've cared less; in fact, it spurred a lively discussion that night in vc.

Another time was getting 1558 written based on committment in FxDAO server. That was a really fucking hard deadline that drove me to living off donuts and sugary shit the whole week so I could stay alert enoguh to write so damn much. Needless to say, I had to make major humanitarian redactions for the sake of time that would've materailly strengthened my argument.

And the third time was the GNU Afferro post in re first WhyDRS org item, as communicated in community server. That one took a lot of preparative research over the months proceeding, which helped config things properly - but 1558 took years of work to articulate, so I don't think that's very different. Anyway I went back to the junk food fuel for that one too and I'm happy with how it turned out, so I guess it just could depend on your ability to judge exactly how much time you'd need for something.

### Based on unknown deadlines

And ofc here we site today with the looming threats of _The Great Taking_, as the market hits record highs. God I know exaclty how this story plays out, and I'm so inexplicably freightened that it's going happen before we get TAR in. It literally chills me down to the bone and led me to cancel upcoming trips to visit family.

These guys have ruined it all, and here I am unable to parse through the terse sourcing material that doesn't even have material elaborations yet. Seriously, it'll probably take me a solid week just to get through the Calidofrnia case items, and another to adequalt youtline a response fn items outline for EDGAR's final rule. Maybe We'll get lucky and the Roshchilds won't pull out before then.

Seeing all to inflows to centralized services laterly has me excited since poeple are learning more about the tech. I just wonder what more than 2021 it will take for them to open their eyes and realize the vast challenges to deeply rooted in all the financial infrastrucutre. And again I just sincreely pray we can get policymakers a working solution that doesn't leave all the money, infrastrucutre, and power in the hands of these same assholes.

[^i]: Idk i forget but small grammar / syntax / punctuation typo.

[^f]: Like sriously stfu - don't hit me with that need it here now immediately xyz thing. Unless there is a governing entity based on public regulation we all agree on that says OK you need this in so and so many days--I just don't see the point. Maybe this is why I'd make a horrible centralized people manager.
