# Centralized v. Decentralized Capital

Firstly, capital or money is by definition the means to produce infrastructure, and infrastrucutre natually leads to power in all its forms. Whether this organization process distributed voluntarily or by force its influence to the stakeholders in its system is a trivial aftereffect. The most important factors are set generally in stone at birth.

Recently, I've been thinkign greatly about central v. decentral organization, specially given the recent pop in lumens. Aside from the fundamnaetn technical obviousness, which I will not care to cover, it's gotten me thinking about the different beween web3's new world and the incumbent central orgs/. Naemly, I was just contemplating the interactions I've had with Rahul, director person at GT's CREATEX.

Rahul did such an excellent job trying his damndest to help me out, from the first pitch I did freshman year for MonerADs, where he introduced me to Brave. THat was the basis of someone who I could tell quite understoof thier ecosystem/ And yet also one who was quite inextricably linked to the luminous claws of central VCs, espacially in the local rea.

God I laugh at  the illogicality of nearby capital investment, especially in technology companies for all's sake. And yet it is perhaps most keenly this trend that creates the exosysrtucture of modenr centralized capitla, employment, and power. To think that "surrendering" D.C. to the southern Washington over NYC was in itself a move of political tact ought show just how meaningful these geographic hoices become.

And yet georgraphy itself is increasingly online in the form of attnetion, community, and content. It's in this light that I see so clearly how the distribution of capital form these ecostructral VC interests propetuate wasteful policies like back to office, for the interests of their largely real-estate oldings. It parallels the "cultish" accusations of BTC as something only done and growing to enrich the early adopters, but that is inexplicitly similar to the trends in city-based real estate development.

I remember Grandpa W told me once about how he and a big name in his small town bfore Plattsburg went around town. There was a new proposal in place for the miniscipality to join the nearly city's zone. They went door to door campaiging people to show up at the courthouse that week to context, object, and remove the shift.

When the date came, they all showied up in masses, crowding the room to its capacity. And with everyone wearing a red shirt to signal their dissaprovla, the bill was unanimously struck down. All this despite material outside influence to capture this leand as an increasing resource for the city's expanding taxbase.

Perhaps in crypto we have similar attribtued across network, occupying our segments of the "digital georgraphy," a landscape defined only by the uman imagination, enginuity, and experoece. I'm excited to see what capitlaism might look like when inestors have more on their minds than raw aggregated fund returns. What could be when we responsabily empower the masses to deploy, delegate, or defend their economic power at will.
