# Control and Education Parallels

Recently, I've been thinking that "everyone would be on my side" in re the stellar developing lqiudity argas. But  even calling them args frames it in a wholey wrong light. These are key design choices not made by any single person, as the network is a complex systme of intertwining interests.

That mentality has crossed over into my interpretations of WhyDRS actions in two cases: (i) TAD3 interagent usage and (ii) GitHub organization & security. The first case if more exetensively docuemnted in my personal decisions folder, and it's been subject to ongoing material communtiy disucsssions and outreach. I won't touch on it more here since it has fairly profound antifrust and regulatory-policy omlpications which are highly related to the insovlecency of Cede.

But that second one just completely hit me in the face out of nowherre in re discussion optiosn for how contirbutors might associate with the WhyDRS GitHub organization as a member (or not). Namely, we were working through how to address roles for repositoy access, and the conversation naturally developerd into soemthing along these lines:L

```
from me:

Yeah, and it's just logistically easier for active members to not need new PRs for every change, which
then must get approved by existing contributors. Perhaps it could tie-in to certain token thresholders,
and you could ask for it in a DUNA specific channel with an explanation of which permissions you need
and such. Something for a more open dialogue, as I don't think there is massive traffic from potential
collaborators on GH just yet

as you surely know there was massive drama when the btc org affiliation for Gavin Anderson was revoked
```

That chat follows extensive disucssion as to how we should host the updated _Taking Stock_ podcast platfomr. Bibic was kind enough to take the initiative on documenting how existing episodes are centrallyhosted. And then they even docuemtned a process for adding new content colaboratively.

Needless to say, it was a stellar contirbution, but the first thinkg I thoguht when I saw it was "isnt' this jsut on Netlify hur dur?" And that's just plainly not approactiate. It turned out he was only familiar with Github pages since that's what Throw used when helping congfigure the legacy page early on. So really it was a necesary process of slowing down to explain my viewpoint&mdash;that's what we needed.

And idneed, everyone has continued te various discussion of how to handle this particular, which started in a DUNA meeting weeks ago and has been continuing on GitHub. I simply failed to find the patience for this to work itself out, leading to my indescriminate questioning of Bibic's implementation, rather than a pmroe productive public (anticipatory) dialogue of new goals with the updatesd site. Part of my thoughts revolved around the past meeting chat, bt these recordings aren't public yet, and we can't expect every single contributor to listedn to 3 hour biweekly meetings.

Laslty, in expanding this mentality, I pushed for the 10 thousandth time that we dshould require organization 2FA access requirements. This was done lighthearteldy in a "no rush" kinda way. But incesssant nagging on particularirtyyies like this is just plainly irresponsable and obnoxious.

The genius idea chives came up with of handling it in channels and allows contirbutors to chose more on their own terms - how much incredibly better is that? We don't need one monolithic requirement and choice imposed on everyone just because I think it's a good idea. Rather, organic self-rganization and decision making in light of all ciscumstance and risks etc. ought best involve members in their productive creativity of rmeans to further our msision.

It seems like my past approaches have wavered too closely to "central control" of decisions, as if i was a beneavolenat disctator decreeing rail corridors. This is by far the least efficient means for a democracy to prosper. Might I menaingfully foster furthe advice exchanges in declaring my opinion _pro se_ going forward?
