# Back to conceptual control

Today I was a dick to soemone via a relatively uncontextualized report, and I really should've been. It's a sick community memeber (in a good way) that's out there searching for the best solution to a materially-challenging problem. It was relatively clear from prior observations of this indiviudals' thoughts that they were not like a super duper expert in the pertiaicular field, but tehy were certainly trying there best to advance hte conversation.

This relatievely parlalllels m experiences iwth Tomer, whom I understand that other communti ymembers have confliction opinions with them on visionary views. Since they have an established position in the community, it was challenging for me to initially speakout against them on the protocol 20 update bug. But when the communtiy sided with me, and we made the right choice to fix before launch&mdash;it was a really nice validation that one central actor cannot and does not control real blokcchain networks.

Unfortunately, i see myslef attaining that level of reputation throughouhg the ownership community, which materially-impicateds an increasing burden in the consideration of my voice and its power. Specifically, it seems like (finally Jesus it took quite some time, and please forgive the religious syntax around and about these reflections&mdash;it's just how I feel) people listen to what I say. Indeed, I'm excited to ontinue expanding colaborative development efforts, and this very clearly requisites that I take more caution in my approaches with other to better ackonoeldsge, appreciate, and (to a degree) reaffirm their prespectives for goodwill prior jumping into business speak.
