# General v. Specific Compliments

Today we had an interview community chat in _Decentralizing Cpaitalism_ where time was a bit limited due to personal circumstances. I had an incredible time diving into some of the nuances of ETFs, a prime example of centralized intermediated ccapital allocators. INddeed, they are potentially the prime example of both a virtue in a world of low-interest fiat bonds and a burden of poor returns compared to proper equity management.

But we had a minor slowdown in diving into the nuances because of my early complimenting strategy of sorts to attempt to influence someone. One thing I've been very grateful for lately is that I don't particularly need to directly "politick" my way into social orgs thanks to the work I've done contributing to the grpup's benefit. This has made it easier for me to lean off the traditional sucking-up I've understood as necessary in central organizations.[^cong]

The challenge, which I've also seen with Kayla, is that I praise some general action that I'd like to see more of. However, this i s quite often simply due to myself not wanting to put int hte work to contirbute towards such an effort. Rather, I should continue steadfastly recognizing specific excemplary actions in writing;[^emojis][^oral] give ample time for recepieints to internalize and ejoy, acknoledge, and the praise; and then leave it as a joyous celebration of their enginuity rather than introduce my own self-serving ambitions in a future-oriented context.


[^cong]: For instanc,e we saw a lot of this in the Congressional testimony in the House Finance Subcommittee where the speaker was leaving as their last disucsiion being chair. Almost every government representative spent considerable hearing time praising and advocating for the individual. They have done exceptional work, but it made me think about the great producitiy waste that goes into making your views acceptable or favored by those in traditional power.
[^emojis]: I'm not saying get rid of any possitive reinforcement or general support through, e.g., collaborative eomji reactions to work or thoughts. But there is a fine line between nondirective support and praising distant past actions for their general demeanor, or a portion of such which you select at will. This past reminicing seems irrelevant since people do things oftentimes for their own reasons, and forcing them to identify exactly what motivated them can frnakly introduce unwarrented internal ucertainities about their own journey's validity.
[^oral]: Or orally as the case may be for large announcements or major public appearances. HOwever, in this case, the praise likely falls on large numbers of indiviuals, and perhaps the most one can dole out is acknoledgment of a group or its leaders. But by singling out the leaders, especially when they are centrally assigned in a top-down fashion, I wholeheartedly believe you demoorzlize the majoirty of individuals embedded inthe tema whom completed the bulk of any actual work in the generalized common circumstance.
