# Specialization of Unique Abilties

I remember years ago just after quitting to trade full time. The school year was approaching on the tail end of summer. I had just learned about crypto and decided to setup a mining rig.

I only took a week or two to peice everything together on the first motherboard, running everything via PCIE 1x USB wires. I installed windows and tried to get all the devices recognized, but it was nearly impossible to get all the GPUs on one device. I later learned that this was a hardcoded limitation in Windows, which I could've bypassed if I knew how to install the linux miners.

But I opted to get another board, set up behind the main rig. After attaching half the cards to there, I could finally utlilize all the cores. All in with the software configuration before and thereafter, it tool at least 3 months to get everything up and hashing.

## Education and Skills

This was quite a frusterating time period for me personally. I had no clue honestly how difficult it would be for me to configure the software needed to use this equptment. Indeed, I saw similar struggles in the vast diffiduculties I had setting up Truffle for simple contract testing in the first Vlad class.

I'm not quite ure what it is, but I've always just been really bad at system-level coding. Albeit, it's not a natural thing you're super obviously born with. Part of it is that I try to feveriously to learn correct methods, but I just keep getting stuck on bugs for hours and hours on end repeatedly.

This is a completely normal part of coding developments, but I get really pissed off when it's just to get things to turn on and function&mdash;rateher than actually innovative work like bguilding custom systems. I want my codification efforts to support real production systems, not wind up wasted on entire days of toiking around to just ruyn basic tools others configure in minutes. I just don't get some of the technical nuances some develoeprs find as fodder food for one reason or another.

## Personal Barriers?

I remember my H.S. math teacher saying once that I was exceptional and such, but even the brightest kids can "hit a wall" when it comes to arithmatic. I thought and think this is a limiting mindset, jsut as I might be imposing with my own abadonment of low-level coding. But I did see it pan out as true firsthand as it got expoentnially harder for me to breeze through textbooks, and I had to spend days on end learning new concepts.

Perhaps these things aren't meant to come easily to students and such, but I do think there's a certain part of this work that should be fun. THere are people who absolutely love working out differential equations, just as there exist developers who wet themselves thinking about low-level system congfiguration optimizations. That just isn't me, and I'm tired of trying to force these professions into my career.

While these more engieering-centric skills might legitimately sound cooler professionally, they are super fucking hard for me. Perhaps more meaningfully, they drain the hell out of my happiness, confidence, and progres. I can't thnk of a sing;le meaningful win I've had in work that related to some super technical computer nuance.

## Shifting Change Locust

Accordignyl, after spending weeks trying to get Ubuntu to work with my 1070 after the mining surge incident, I'm begrudgingly going back to Windows. I believe so wholeheartedyl that open-source needs one thing more than all else&mdash;and it's not developmetn talent. The sector needs capital to fund survival and prospertity of diligent contributors who are so presently often left out hung to dry.

Trading fills my life with joy and envigorates me enough to sleep two hours a day for months on end. And I see so often how others struggle to even elementarily allocate their personal capital in anything conceptiually sound. When I sprung for Computer Engineering because it was the only thing that sounded even remotely challenging enough in college, I thought I would uncover a path to bring those mining development skills into the professional workplace.

But I've learned so clearly since then that "highest starting salary" per major means so much more than the rudamaentary skills tehy present in those isolated classrooms/. I've seen quite enough to know that just about every aspect of that directive social system misalignes quite truly with the burning passions I've been gifted by the universe. I can't do it all myself, and I specifically can't make the techncoal side alone&mdash;I need to defer and explciitly focus quite exclusively on a new kind of capital allocation.[^sm]

[^sm]: I mean this not in the limitng belif sense but in the realistic trading sense of where to best allocate my personal caputl, namely my time. It might be demonstrably easier to force everyone to give me credit for everything and jsut do it on my own in the strictly limited sense of personal egostism. But it's certainly 💯% not the ebst way to acheive any of my goals towards univeral societal prosperity.
