# Emojis as Light Responses

Light touches can have nuanced impact when genetly guiding behavipr towrds your preffered outcome. This, of cours, requisites that you have a material goal in mind towards which you can shape actins toward such aim. However, there is a fine line between tellign someone what to do and providing advice.

Generally, I try to share as much specific, relevant, and paralell context when known through thorough comments responsidng to others actions. This is helpful (at least by my interpreations of others' responpses) when the topic at hand is something I have experience in. If it's a little out of my wheelhouse but I have developed some relevant principles, thne I will disclaim that technical difference before sharing what I think can help based on experience.

But there is a third ption of collaboration where you (i) have no relevant expertiece and (ii) can't htink of sharable expertise. In these situations, the onyl thing left ot do is praise what's been done, and by all means specific praise ought be shared when due. Of course, this requires that you have followed the specific development in question and have the time to dive into specific changes.[^new]

[^new]: I find myself going though this extra work when "indoctrinating" new members into the community. I really don't like that word, but it's the onyl one I can think of for compassionately welcoming someone into a grpup in a slow enogh manner that you're not forcing them into action, overwhelinming them with detials, or shattering the reasons they began interacting in the first palce. For any meaningfully-coplex project, there is naturally a lot of knowledge which copuld take quite some time to learn, so I believe it's important to strategeie around how new members view the mission upon first impression/.

## A New Feedback Mechanism

This leaves us in a bind if the most you can do is make some quick jusgents off bondafide tites or summaries of actions, as is ocmmon in GitHub. Often, I still want to be helpful to the contributor or friend and such, but a more comprehensive reply just isn't going to happen. As I understand it, this is particulr y common in the social media space.

I was thinking quite deeply about existing reaction systems on these sites earlier this morning. Namely, I have seen such stark differences in mulit-generational participation in conversations reactions specifically. As an aside, the underlying comment responses seem more determinant by venue culture, audience, and pblicity.

It seems important to me because I've [successfully used](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/1044#issuecomment-2455725608) emoji reactions as a way to cast votes, and I've seen so abundantly in the posting context how they can help share sentiment. Indeed, a 🤔 reaction or even question marks and the like can sincerely compel someone to expand on their existing thoughts. However, it doesn't look like some of the older / more expeirenced folds understand all this yet, despite me seeing it work just as well with them, albeit in the sense of me being the only one using emojis and looking like a millenial and such.

All this to say that emojis have immens power for a number of reasons, especially in the reaction case. I beleive this sis a prime application of emojis because htey are really stellar at capturing emotion (duh), which is socrucially present upon your first reaction to something. Without reacting to someone's work, I feel you're "stealing" that valuable interpersonal feedback which could otherwise help them understand how their work is ladning with the community and everyone's views.

## Ongoing Alignment Understanding Assistance

I remember when YouTube disabled the dislike button count around the same time I was learning about the importance of positive reinforcement and emotions over the so dasterdly alternative. Indeed, that educationm which is public on my channel, has so deeply shaped my approach to writing with choice diction promoting abudndance. And, in the context of a centralized video hosting platform, it makes sense that the Google executives decicded they would get better creator engagement if they (uploaders) only received positive feedback.

But in the context of other more contextual emoji-based reaction schemas, I find the binary like/dislike optionality quite meaningfully limited. Inddeed, even and perhaps exemplarlity the comments on most videos follow the same general internet trolling trend which has so very directly afflicted to great disdain people whom I really care about. That said, perhaps many of these challenges could be solved with expressive emoji reactions (to their [fullest extent](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/69934#discussioncomment-11055892)).

But with emojis, it 's reatty simple to understand exactly ohw your piece has landed without diving into personal criticisms about nuances that might be outside of your contol, as is often the case in "amature" videos. Rather than guessing at why people liked your content,  you can fully understand in a few seconds their emotional response (assuming they use a suffienctly-specific emojis). By specific emoji, I mean some kind of image iwth other emojions attached to it, which traditionally might pop that one into your mind as the perfect encapsulation of your feelings.[^disc]

[^disc]: Admittedtly, it might take some time to develop your "repitour" of the more "advanced" emojis. But I think practice helps and can only be reinforced by seeing others use them well, introducing a sort of network effect on their impact. And of course the search bar so common in emoji box selection windows can make it simple to search for how you're feeling (depending on the exaclt configeration).[^confs]

[^confs]: E.g., I know many common Ubunut cleints have different and relatively limited search associations for emojis than ,eg. Apple's fairly comprehensive native tool. _See also_ Dsicord's unique implementation of user-generated custom emojis, which can help to give you even more options for reactions and a bit of flair. These introduce another level of emoji use as a means of spreading awareness of different communities through cross-server reactions, especially in conversasitons which might be later referenced and observed by many more people.

Eveen just a basic positive reaction can sincerely help motivate others to continune, and anyhting with sizability behind it could do more than that. Indeed, it is the "social capital" of likes and views which drive dare I say billions of people to upload online so feveriously their reaction-inducing content. What if we could apply all these creative energies to real work?

## Generational differences Throughout Exxternalities

Firstly, positive reinforcement is a huge social benefir which should be promoted everywhere, where in opaque central organizations or public community developments. That said, I'd like to dive into the limited viewpoint I have as to their application in older generations, perciaulyl those who might not be habitruated to emojis. and of course without that knowledge, it's tough to expect people will extend to live-chat reactions (and that's assuming all business isn't through emoil!).

Perhaps the most meaningful comparison here is the use of emoji reactions on certain central platforms which cost money. Some systems share this revenue with the content creator posting the soruce in question, whereas others chose ot internalize all funds in one way or another. Notwithdstanding these differneces of implementation, there are large numbers of people who actively spend their money to buy reactions which receive and give special attention.

They receive special attention in the sense that you can generally see directly who (via username) spent money to provide this reaction (and osmetimes how much they spent). This can be a sort of online flexing activity depending on how you look at it, although Ive personally never seen it obviously used as such in a selfsih "look at my marketing" example. By and large, these tools are used to show _extreme_ support for the specific periece of content (and by extension its creator) in its public setting.[^pubs]

[^pubs]: From a revenue=-genration standpoint, the public aspect of these works is material since, the more eyeballs on a post, the higher the chance of ttoal emojis reactions, including these special super reactions. The parallel to traditional industry would be a bonus or public commendment of specific work. However, the challenge here becomes a signficiant delay between publication and (monetary) response. This lengthens feedback loops, which I understand to be inversely proportional to innovation.

Might we agree that htere's a major understanding difference of sorts here given the younger genrations with more time on their hands will _pay_ to react with a specific emoji? Ideally this will be slowly achived over time through more responsive progrssional tools which make it easy for a few forward thinkers to introduce emojis into their firms in a system which makes that behavior easier to replicate, thereby promoting tranpareny sentiments. Indeed, I believe hwolheaeretdly that this single addition to an organization de-facto standard ought develop deeper menaingful conversations, at the minimum, and better topical assignments, when applied to work items.[^contr]

[^contr]: It just seems so ludicrous to me that th eexisting youth grow up learning through their online enviornent the use of these reaction tools, but then they enter a workforce relatibely abstained from any professinoal application thereto. Might someting poeple will _pay_ for in the elementary context have menaingful value in clarifying ongoing material sentiments? I just think it's a silly waste to defer towards communication systems which do not offer this crucial project feedback and motivation option.[^reaacs]

[^reaacs]: Consider, e.g., the response to your work with fifteen different emojis bysay 20 people. If you're only announcing or adding a single item, then this coudl materially guide you twoards more similar work. Knowing how important your efforts are to others might traditionllly be linked onyl explicitly to monetary rewards, but I believe so fecvrously that these cscial donatiosn encompass a vast untapped pool of influence, inspiration, and innovation (in the private sector at a minimum, where your job title and political stuts may have other societal benefits in due respect and corses of action related).

## Asynchornous Reinforcement, Social Proof

One of the mopst inspirational things about emojis for me is that they effectively always provide retroactive insights which are not explicitly alerted to a technology's users. That menas you don't need to acholedge or response (internally or through work actions) to this new form of feedback until _you decide_ to peer into the associated activity. Thus, it is only at the most impactful moment when looking intentionally for peer sentiments that they are documented through reactions.

Sometimes, the timeframe for how quickly people rrect can have social meaning. For instance, a web chat that instantly received five 🔥 reactions after posting would mean more to me personally than the same response ten days later. But the more I think about this particualrl nuance, the more I see it as a function of organizational size rather than actual sentiment (given that no reaction is a form of passive deference to the nrom as is commonly understood through voting abstanation).[^lws]

[^lws]: i've had the good fortune of working primarily in communities wich generally consist of people under 40. Accordingly, the use of emojis ha been realitvely common for reactions, and i ndeed they are by and large immediately given when warrented. That said, a relatively low amount of reactions tends to correlate exclusively with the number of members in such communtiies, as the only factors impacting your "emoji-reaction rate" are the contents "reaction conversion rate" and the number of people able to be "converted" to response (all other factors relatively normalized in my head).

Social proof matters not only to others but also to oneself. I've felt firsthand the agonizing pain of screaming into the void for years with little to no reaction, as is so often the case when dealingwith (i) coplex public policy or centralized beurocracyies or (ii) generally complex work which might even require years of education to meaningfully understand, much less form an opinion for response. Even if i was paid a stipend through some institution for this work, I'd still tailot developments based on individualis' reactions rather than a dogmatic centralized policy decree.

## Added External Reference Context

Moreover, the orginal vision of the internet so well encapsulated in ealry PageRank developments centered aorund refferals. As in academic work, the umpct of your contributions can be easily told through citations. However, as we've established, citations can take years to porpogate, drastically slowing down the innovator's feedback cycle.[^edu}

[^edu}: Accordignly, as we've established, emojis are stellar reaction tools across this working field, too. It's my interpretation that the lack of their implementation in effectively any academic work leads the field towards terse and stern authoritative defrence (and more meaningfully dry conversation). While this might be fine in the strictly limited snese of traditional long-form peer review, I posit that it precludes new researchers from getting a "foot in the door" with their work, as was so common before 1971 when apprecenticeships florushed in a more open manner.

Might it be beneficial for your work to live past your relatively-short lifespan, assuming hyou make soethign worth referncing, buildong on, or otherwise developing? If we agree this is the case, then traditional accolades in live human interactions will not adequately inform the next generation about the signfiicance of your work. Sure, you can have some famout theory named after your that gets forced into textbooks and down to students, but what if there were an authoritative archive of Einstein's publocations that tracked how many people responded to _Relativity_ itself with 🤯?

I take much more seriously old online posts with extensive emoji reaactions than say a roughly-formatted static HTML webpage without an author. Assuming we want more innovators , it will become increasingly challenging to keep in our shared social lexicon the names of those whom are experts in their respective fields. Accordignyl, might generous emoji reactions help someone first viewing content roughyl comprehend itssignficiacne to those who understand enough to feel emotional touch?
