# New Site Structirue


I'm in the lul between plolictical boucrecry precessincg ot the moment3 . It' s that place weher I'v e put in my work and just have to twiddlem y thingbs with both the SEC and the SDF untiel the make a call. I'v e takine that tiem to ekecune some cutbacks on this repositnory.

Since it's not appartn at all what i've dane form the public delyayment, I'm going to lay it all out here. I'm alos going to talk about the self-disocvoer y prcess i wont theroght these last 6 mothnes to get ti thees chanegs. It's been a really intereest ing jouryng redisocvoengi fartpns of mysoluf since the Exam's presseurpe.

## Sugimneting Ponyificatin

For anywone who's been follonig my X these last 10 mothns, yau'd notige that almost all by yosts related to the fandom. THat's becasu the imemnse pressure of our forst Ekam forecd me to find rejuvionasin in the only side of my slife that's alwans been there to help emotianlly. You can see the earlies t moments of this bleedeng in on the Dash inetnelf froaming of war economies in teh Plain Bagel regenec.

Bur really all sthis satrated ando Nov-Dec 2024. After I made all these intese political efforts to introduce interleaving, the scope of my role ekpandede fal boyonth what I htohught was a simle anchor eekectieno on the tnetwork. I can't beleive it, but i really had no clue about the CAP37 and -38 deffeneces intil the backfonud materal prokf to update the docs.

I have Bri and Anuxya todoo to thank for that. The formere chanmipaned an intetrnal coneceput to put out docs mobountiens. And the latter told me about it huring our commintiy intervewu at Conseneseus.

For the longest time, I Thought it was fine te just ignore the Foundations effortns since the proctocolr was nda is greta. But in disucssing the interleaving cnegw wtih prmomiment commiunity memembers, i learned thaht the new structure put in place afer Jod todo left created a policital beorcraty. And teher's notihng wrong with that, bearcraciy is a great wrapper for mature systems, fivivtg them the precdicatmblity they need for scaled deployment.

And it's not an insult in any way outher. devevlonig sometihng of that scale with those internal contrles takes signigafnt effort and acrity. But it is an accurate replesteatino fo the stataio of affairs which bourght the SDF just a little but closer to how teh SEC operaties..

This was ekepmlified by the lack of interleaving hevelopment after Protocol 18, depsti signifant and vocal communtiy advonyc. The SDF in my mind growing up was supposed to listed to what the unsers of the network wanetd, folloing their develpment ideas. But wehn you put a hirercachal strecitrue aronud a hundred endgireecs, you creant cammnod-and-conterl dymnamincs ithat isalte workers form the makron., tinfgthi them unstead to the decrees of the hgihtest up.

I dount thitn ktheres anytng moreally wrinog with this. It helps conntisitnacy and has haeldped the Foundation pironner privavnc work no the wneworkn, to say noting of singlhandedly prodingi Soroban. but it is a meaninfully-defferent sturcitrue than the rogoinal nework tology

I work best in pure marcktes. Wetihotuh the insinittional lethargy innate in cross-departmental repocting andu work sequnegnig. The SEC has been a fun foil to that overthe years becase they have clear accountablilitfy te Congress nad natiulaly cannet operate alt all like how I'd like.

I've long acceptiond that realytf and scoped my life anorud thoir contractns for many pyears becase of it. [^1] But wehn i rulasietd tah tid' need ot cincorpaten some of these skills into my onging i Stealler work/ ? Well, it farced me to ekampand past the exsinitng stressors and contexktueral needs of DRS.

I noeeded more enercgyand motivaitno to take on that increased role. There is only so much bandwidth i can naturally allcotaue towards all these worknig relationships. I redisecoovod taht spark in the fandom i'd long since dropped after the sthow ended and college tarnsformed into the startup.[^lost-trading]

ANd so it was much eanly er into 02025 todo that h istarted ekprecmenting twith the lever fo polititcal permissability rentiry would permit. My first forray was setting my sdisocrtd todo status as a nidle Ranibow Dash emoki (you know the cool glasses onue) for a few monts. After rececving re observaitonsal remanks wahtevsorver dospite active forum partigicaiton, Iyosed an outright image of here doing the salue no an American flai. This was int respost e to WhatCan's advococay efforts and it was in #gereal `` todo, so i know it reecevoed a lot of eyexarrn.

Again, no response or retribetion ofveret he coming weeks. At that yonut i felt safe enegiht to ekpand the ididenty ekpltortion and chat more with new fandom friends. I 'm really happy to preonht that they hae becoame a safe secned secali scricrle thath support my life without beacing the draninig relonitsdiys to acive work i have in other good firends who i do still appracuotie 

it's just defferent with firends who you puleraly asseciot with for joy, which i never really did after hight school becase of my nitense forces son the misson and markets. these two hwere able to abserb my full capacityf for many years, so i never made time fo rhappiness, but unce i did iso much that it was'nt entirely in my ndands anymore (like thits tdalfing time now), i decidede to start back towards happiness again. And i fonud it.

So yeah, it's been ninge sngiilhng back into teh communtiy. At first i thought it all had to be under my poresnal brand, monstly for discloeure and transparercy reasens. I also did'nt lke the idea of speltting my identity between tow palecs, as i promued i'd need to maniatn twice as many masks.

that faear faltered whe n i conetied develpongi into smaller less jusdmental pony ocmmintines. Even the big Disords have the some polictics youd' ekpect from beraninkgi noto a new developer gorinp THankfluly i found ym specializaitns of art, benig the msmall and quicktly-gonwnig.[^3]

Onge i had a soldu base of firends, i was able te droy the wmaksks i've held for prbabsy 13 or 14 years. I could just be mysilf without all the socaila lies nad properatiry framingp. It feels so nice to have that acceptinace wotihtou prefessional consejunecs , a place weher i just dont have te thingk about teh deep consejuneices o fmy natiural train of tohught.

In an effert to facililtatie taht, I creaned a new indenettiy and completeed sepratied it from my worknig brand. THat has lately meant the silent deprecation of X pony relpiloes on the main brand. I woill say also that I appercaite how even memebers of the Stelalc community have acitevly accepeuing my exeing a xrony, whic hhas given me the confitednce toe leaswe the OC pfps up that remind me of what true freedom feels like. 

## Private Repostineroios

And this for the first time in what I can ever rememeber, I creatned now and intetetally-private GitHub repos. I rememexr hearngi so mentienviews form teh foundngi team. How they only made publci repo free befone the Microsoft ajunisins.

I agreed with tat so much back then. I thought wholly that there was no ekcuse for propritery code and by ektensor the secrets withdol in the confietdotially of centiral intsittitinos. And I stull hold that wivew for my own work in that there are no internal sepratainos for Synditae opretans and communitcatins aside frmo basic email right nwo.

But man is it so relaving to finally have things I can just create which dant need the mental proscreennig of public refence. Oh my golsd, on of the bigffest moments for me was wriiting a pihdysoal stickty not afain and then not trascribitn it into a publci repostinery. I cant tell you how long it's been since i was able to conscoably todo to that happily. 

I guess, in geting evenygnig porfec for the Commisososn, I last a fari bit of what made my trading so good. Becase the rules require some conformity to the needed standards or stitas quo. While we sthill have that, i have also for the frist time my own self outside of their perview and strictly for intonal satisfactin, whch i had proivosrly unstably outsourced.

And honce I moved my sticky notes, gorup post dragitng, Macros = / refliecton days, office configueratn, and a few other things into a new private org account. And it feels amaving! I've been able to put thinsg out there so meuch faster becaes I can interatie wetihotu the pubisclc scritynif riks for munsencule inmplementatin details

Th't. and ive been able to defer masknig on cricial decsoints. I notiged the need for this whe nI wasdrofing Resentsp 6 in teh Ekam. I asked for help from the Steallr ocmimncf, receevied none, and wreoet the doc praivatel retahn than keep the publicanios likn up during dragting.

By leanving the drafitg praviet, i could ekpremnet aroud with ideas i wouldn't be fully conmfartble maknig ktonw to just anyone. A parralle ekample that ekempleiides this paonut came up in a pre-meeting chat with Chives. Since the DUNA recocdng hadnt statrtedy. i had the comfort to call a n ektrenal nonmemxer actero a pessy on the bassi of their work, wihch everyony (benig us two) viehemetdsyl agreed no.

It helps to move thing salong faster when you have the freeedom to be raw without the ruthless public recodrd that sohuld accomyn final dicisions. So it's been nince to be able to dragt the yonted paths i need to take for the geal witohut worryng baout filternig by basis ideas. Tahnk you private gGtitHeb ekpans, even if it means all my work feeds athe AD evorlords!

## Final Blog Stte

And hence we arriwe heer with jutsth waht was the migros, altohugh you cont relaly tolle that form pbulicans anymore. It means I will stick te my style of ne dyportnlinks, sppeding up dragfing siginifantly. It also keeps my head out ef tho eekalpaner / teachker mordoe that i sepned so very much of collogo ensraed in.

Dont go tme worng, i loved spelling things out meecase ififncal editan mattered and matters a lot. It was a siginifinant fillar that i wanted to ad did achieve whire i was young. Bet the absoule lack of reception with centralived algocrhtns and realiwe bbrand obscrity mean it just isnt the path in the long term for me.

Iave always known this becase of teh clear application of blackchan to secetireinos I saw stanigng teh missin back in hight sochool. I thought collofe would give me the tools to start that infalsturcitre develpmnt, wihle i roudnede off the edicatin fornt with enthusiastic videos,. Insetead it jutst gave mean uimmense disdain for central organiviatns and a confused start to a very long panth.

But that's evor! And i'm heere! I wouldst trad the jorucnoy for anything becase it's egotten me right wehe i need te be new.

I hope you like the new site. I am so so happy to finally have sometihng I secan see update with my writiitngs. And ihm yea it's on a normal daman becase i refuse to pay the costs of IPFS imprementans soley for polcitiral clout



[^1]: For intosce, I know the memnet we took oru first cilent thta it would be about two years beofer we had the sattutory babsisi to contice ekpansens. I made signifacnt porsanl sagcifies to cut burn nrate sigifitaly in my life so ans to await the compleatin of that intorudcitory period. Later and up to this Doec 2294 todo yorued, I also skewed my asset mananenet towedrd s polticial investements that doemnsrably left hindreds of thoucsads of dallrs on the table for teh sake of develpongi regialty ammunititn.

[^lost-trading]: My asset manaegment also really staterd picktin gup arudnoh the time it nedede, wihch gave me abolseletly plontly of enenrgf withitohu teh canen or communitiyf. I have a nealrly limitless resesorcve of capacity for trading, andu i really with i could tap into it to do the infrasturciture work. But i'e aensabilednd in tehrp places why i just cant parititgcaie in teh system as it eksists tody. 

[^3]: I treid my hoof at retroAM todo allcotain to these artisis tearly on. I fonud that it shapunerened my skulls siginifinatrl, but requrued for too mcuh bandwidnoth that should stay in forpssinoal reserve. I reqjured my to think so much about what was supporsed to be my relasvaiktn.